**The neighborhood** The Excelsior is known for its greasy spoon diners, ethnic markets, cool murals and a down-to-earth attitude. This unpretentious San Francisco neighborhood overlooks the city from its perch in the hills and offers a humble alternative to super hip SF neighborhoods.
- Close proximity to grocery, convenience, and drug stores - Multiple dining options within walking distance - Laundromat across the street
As we are located in a residential area with plenty of street parking. Restaurants (i.e. Breakfast At Tiffany's)  & gourmet coffee shop (FOURBARREL) are not too far away.
Close to everything! Right near public transit and easy drive or uber ride away from the best restaurants and bars.   10 mins to downtown  10 mins to cool hip mission district  10 mins to SFO 2 block walk away from corner store for any immediate needs (snacks,booze, etc) 2 blocks from beautiful John Mclaren park (the second largest park in SF) great for morning walks and stellar views of all of SF from the top of the water tower! Highly recommend checking out!
Easy access to 101 and 280. 5-minutes bus to BART Glen Park Station, and 10 minutes to Diamond Height. Restaurants in Glen Park, and Valencia corridor. Free Parking for guest at house. 
Excelsior is an amazing neighborhood that has managed to retain its charm and authenticity. It's a few blocks up the hill from Mission St. where there is plenty of inexpensive and great restaurants and shops. A five minute walk from the house is a water tower where one has 180 degree views of the city.
Free street parking :)
Great restaurants! So many walkable amenities: banks, markets, drugstore, etc., plus a very family-oriented feel.
Grocery shopping: For little things,you can go to the corner store on France and Naples streets: make a left on France, Naples is the next street. For real grocery shopping, there is a Safeway 5 blocks from here. It is localized at 4950 Mission St (at France st): make a right on France st, go to Mission st. It is open 24h/24h. The closest Whole Foods Market is at 1150 Ocean Ave. It is a 10 min drive from here. Restaurant & Bars: We highly recommend you to go out in the Mission district, on Valencia st @ 16th st, for example. If you want to stay local, The Broken Record, 1166 Geneva Ave, is a nice bar. You will find many taquerias. El Pollo Supremo, 5210 Mission Street, is not a  fancy place, but the food is good and cheap. Little Joe's Pizzeria offers Italian and Mexican food. The place is nice and they also deliver. If you want a French restaurant in the city, please ask us. We have an opinion on almost all of them ;)
I live in a neighborhood called The Excelsior!  (I always add the "!") It is located in the south end of the city and Balboa Park BART is a 10 minute walk from my door.  You know you are in the Excelsior! when all the streets are named after countries and cities in no particular order.  If you want the hustle and bustle and tourist life closer to Union Square, you won't get that here.  However, you can dive into that hustle easily either by bus or Lyft or in whatever ride you prefer. I LOVE my neighborhood because it is the first TRULY diverse neighborhood I have ever encountered.  All types of people from all types of backgrounds and there's a strong sense that "we're all in it together".  I really like knowing my neighbors and knowing that they know me.
I live in a neighborhood called The Excelsior. 100+ years-ago it was a semi-rural suburb of San Francisco, now it is a culturally diverse family neighborhood. Ironically, the streets were named, un-ironically, and in no particular order, for cities and countries in Europe and Asia. Beautiful views of the city can be had from McLaren Park - within easy walking distance from my doorstep.   To me, the neighborhood is a respite from the hustle and bustle of the denser parts of the city.
If you desire views of San Francisco and easy access to all it has to offer, yet prefer to stay in a safe neighborhood away from typical city noise - this is the vacation rental for you.   You'll appreciate grand views from our large deck; sipping coffee* while watching a gorgeous sunrise, and sipping wine while the sunset reflects off the bay and Oakland Hills.  After a long day exploring SF, you'll appreciate a nice walk through the Eucalyptus and Juniper groves at McLaren Park.  In fact, the highest point in the park is one block from our doorstep, offering marvelous views from San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean. *We will leave for you a bag of fresh coffee beans. Grind them, put them in the filter, and pour the boiling water for a fresh pot of coffee in the morning.
It is quiet and residential here and the views over Baypoint are stunning. There is a larger park practically next door, called McLaren Park including a newly built playground. Our neighbors are very nice and keep mostly to themselves.
It is quiet and there is plenty of parking on the street. It is only 2 blocks walking distance to the 2nd largest park in San Francisco. Close to everything by car.
It's so convenient! And so much places around
Located in excelsior Neighborhood which is 2 miles from Mission District and 5 miles to heart of City of San Francisco and less than 9 miles to anywhere else in San Francisco City. The Neighborhood has 85 walk score, steps away to restaurants (Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, American, Italian, and etc.), Public Library, Laundry dry clean, groceries supermarket, Walgreen, Safeway, Zipcar, car rental, buses, BART, and MUNI. Free parking around the block.
Madrid is a street located in the Excelsior district of San Francisco. It is in an area I like to call the “Foreign Streets” because all the streets in that area are named after foreign places. It is a residential street. It is a diverse, quaint and an up and coming area of the city. It is 2 blocks from Mission St. which has an abundance of stores and restaurants.  In the vicinity is Excelsior Playground and McLaren Park (If you're into running, biking or just taking a walk). 
McLaren park is 1.5 blocks away =-) Excellent parking right out front
Nearby parks for exercise and walks. Convenient access to transportation. Close to Mission Street with excellent diversity of Restaurants and Bars.
Neighborhood is quiet and residential, parking on the street is readily available and safe.  Be aware of street cleaning and do not block driveways.  Access to freeways 101 and 280 close, downtown in 10 minutes.  MacLaren Park is near, and has great walks to ponds, lakes and wonderful views of the city.
Neighborhood offers many ethnic food restaurants including Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, and Cajun. Also many corner stores available for basic necessities and light grocery shopping. House is on top of a hill that offers privacy and a nice view.
One of San Francisco's best kept secrets is John MacLaren Park, the largest natural park in the city, and it is only 6 blocks from our house East on Persia.  Containing beautiful views of the city, hiking trails, playgrounds, tree swings, small ponds, an amphitheater and more, this one is not to miss.  If you prefer the more urban side of our neighborhood, walk 6 blocks West down Persia to Mission street where you will find a culturally diverse array of shops, restaurants and other businesses.  The nearest large grocery store is Safeway near Mission and France.
Our house is located 3 blocks from John McLaren park which is the 2nd largest park in SF and very open for dogs to enjoy off leash.  The Excelsior is mostly residential but there are some key bars, restaurants and coffee shops popping up, and a younger demographic is starting to move out here.  We love the locale to the freeways such that with light traffic, most all neighborhoods in SF are accessible within 5-20min drive.  The weather is typically overcast until 10am and then the sun mostly shines, though the wind can come strong. 
Our neighborhood is a residential one, but we are close to Mission St., not far from downtown. Our local park is huge and lovely to walk or run in.
Our neighborhood is one of the few neighborhoods in San Francisco that is not being swallowed by gentrification. There are a variety of restaurants a few blocks away. My favorite part is the beautiful McLaren Park, up the hill from our house.
Our neighborhood is quiet and safe. We are a 7 min walk to S.F.'s second largest park, John McLaren Park. Restaurants, libraries, and shops are a 10 min walk away on Mission Street. We are also very close to Bernal Heights, Glen Park, and the Mission District.
Our neighborhood is so vibrant, diverse, with rolling views of the entire bay.  There are the best shops, restaurants, pubs, and cafes, with easy access to downtown.  Our neighborhood has a small village feel (especially Cortland Ave) - unique for being in the middle of one of the biggest hub cities in the western United States.   (URL HIDDEN) hidden)/ontheblock/2014/01/16/bernal-heights-voted-americas-hottest-neighborhood-for-2014(URL HIDDEN)Close to Cortland Ave, and Glen Park (our local shopping centers with awesome restaurants, book shops, bakeries, cafes, etc.) - - Famous Valencia St and Mission corridor - 15 min walk or 5 min bus ride --There are also beautiful parks and gardens around, including Holly Park and Bernal Hill which provides a beautiful view of the city-from ocean to bay on a clear day (definitely worth the hike).
Our neighbourhood is very quiet due to it being at the top of a very steep hill. Hence the amazing views! You can enjoy the local McClaren park which is the 2nd largest in San Francisco where there is a golf club, tennis court and hike trails. Brilliant for anyone active! Amazing places to run. The Asian food is world class in the area, Four Barrel coffee is also close by and the highly rated Breakfast at Tiffany's is also really close by and does amazing Brunch. Also 7 mile has the best burger in town.
Our neighbourhood is very quiet due to it being at the top of a very steep hill. Hence the amazing views! You can enjoy the local McClaren park which is the 2nd largest in San Francisco where there is a golf club, tennis court and hike trails. Brilliant for anyone active! Amazing places to run. The Asian food is world class in the area, and the highly rated Breakfast at Tiffany's is also really close by and does amazing Brunch.
Plenty of nice restaurants, stores and plenty of parking
Portola is a rather quiet residential neighborhood just south of Bernal Heights (on the other side of Hwy 280). Lot of the inhabitants have lived around here for decades, take excellent care of the surroundings and are proud of the neighborhood's blue collar spirit. In the East the neighborhood is bordered by Hwy 101 and San Bruno Av and by the huge McLaren Park (great for trail running or walking the dog!) on South. Excelsior neighborhood sits to the West of Portola. There are several playgrounds, sport fields, and dog parks nearby.
Portola is consider to be the sunniest side of the city and the last hidden gem in San Francisco. Excellent location for getting around town, 10 minute away from SFO, minutes to the 2 major interstate freeways.  Easy walking distance to Saturday Farmers Market n Sunday flea market.  Short walk to a commercial strip, which has a variety of neighborhood stores, including coffee shops, and restaurants with a variety of ethnic cuisine (Chinese, Vietnamese, Salvadoran, and Mexican).  If you enjoy hiking and outdoor, the beloved McLaren Park is within walking distance with an incredible view of San Francisco, a great place for a hike n nature.
Public Parks: McClaren Park, Glen Park, Twin Peaks. Restaurants: Breakfast at Tiffanys, Gialinas, Le P'tit Laurent, The Old Clam House, Foreign Cinema, El Techo Lolinda, Flour & Water, Beach Chalet, The ramp, Serpentine, Pier 23. Nighttime: Roberbarron, Urban Putt, Mission bowl, Double Dutch, Dr. Teeth, Bruno's, The Cellar, and so many more!
Quiet and family oriented! Very close to John McLaren park. Free street parking :)
Quiet and safe. Great access to freeways. Parking included.
Quiet neighborhood just off Mission St near Glenn Park.
Quiet neighbourhood with many great Chinese Mexican and Vietnamese food. Walgreens is 3 minute walk and a groceries are 2 minute walk.
Quiet residential neighborhood in the South side of SF. Close to Glen Park restaurants and Bernal Heights. Close to freeway access (101 and 280).
So much delicious food, bakeries, and eclectic shops! Mission street is buzzing but our street is quiet and serene. The park next door is also beautiful (McLaren). The SFO airport is only 20 minutes south.
Summary of Neighborhood: We are just out of the fast pace of downtown situated in a quiet neighborhood called Bernal Heights where people live in houses, and not condos and apartments.   We are on the boarder of two other neighborhoods called Glenn Park, and the Mission, and Excelsior.   In addition to being walking distance from beautiful McLaren Park, you are very close to neighborhood strips like Cortland Street (Bernal Heights), Valencia Street (the Mission), and Diamond (Glenn Park), which are full of trendy restaurants, shops, cafes, and bars.    -Glenn Park Bart Station (4 train stops to downtown) – 8 minutes ride. -McLaren Park – Huge, Beautiful Park about 6 blocks away, walking distance - Close freeway access – Highway 280  - Glenn Park Neighborhood – 15 minute walk – Restaurants , bars, cafes, shops -Cortland Street (Bernal Heights) – short ride – restaurants , bars, cafes, shops  -Valencia Street (the Mission) – short ride – restaurants bars, cafes, shops OUR HOUSE HIGHLIGHT
The Excelsior District is safe and quiet.
The Excelsior is a relatively quiet residential neighborhood immediately adjacent to the hip and trendy Bernal Heights and Mission districts.
The Excelsior is a unique and quiet neighborhood with a lot of families. There is a large and beautiful park (MacLaren Park) 1/2 mile from our house that boasts splendid city and bay views. It is great for hiking. There are a lot of great eats around, and we are very close to the Mission District, Glen Park and Bernal Heights.
The Excelsior is the most diverse neighborhood in SF.  It offers an abundance of authentic taquerias.  The Broken Record & Pissed Off Pete's are two great local bars to check out.  Take a hike in McClaren Park, the second largest park in the city.  If you are traveling with young kids, a large park--The Purple Park, is just a block away.
The Excelsior neighborhood is a great diverse mix of people and nationalities very close to Glen Park, Bernal Heights and the Mission, as well as the Glen Park BART station, highways 280 and 101.
The Excelsior!  A very culturally diverse family neighborhood.  A feature of the Excelsior District is that nearly all of the streets are named after national capitals such as London, Paris, and Moscow, or  countries such as Italy, France, Russia, or famous universities such as Cambridge or Bowdoin.   Very close to many restaurants (Mexican, Salvadorian, Japanese, Hawaiian, Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Italian, Thai, etc.), supermarkets, produce/fish/poultry markets, bars, club, banks and shops.  There is a laundromat a few steps from the house and a 24/7 one two blocks away. Walgreens is two blocks from our place, Safeway is 5 blocks and Manila Oriental Market is within walking distance. My place is located south of the City Center and within 7 miles from most of the City's famous attractions. Comfortably nestled in a residential neighborhood where you can relax and enjoy the piece and quiet, live like the locals while far away enough from the noise, congested/crowded streets of the
The Excelsior! A very culturally diverse family neighborhood. A feature of the Excelsior District is that nearly all of the streets are named after national capitals such as London, Paris, and Moscow, or countries such as Italy, France, Russia, or famous universities such as Cambridge or Bowdoin. Very close to many restaurants (Mexican, Salvadorian, Japanese, Hawaiian, Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Italian, Thai, etc.), supermarkets, produce/fish/poultry markets, bars, club, banks and shops. There is a laundromat a few steps from the house and a 24/7 one two blocks away. Walgreens is two blocks from our place, Safeway is 5 blocks and Manila Oriental Market is within walking distance. My place is located south of the City Center and within 7 miles from most of the City's famous attractions. Comfortably nestled in a residential neighborhood where you can relax and enjoy the piece and quiet, live like the locals while far away enough from the noise, congested/crowded streets of the busy 
The Exelsior or Outer Mission neighborhood is beautiful! My apartment in near two great parks where you can jog, walk, or just enjoy an amazing view of San Francisco. There are many trees around and many families. At the same time, you are only some blocks away from Mission Street that takes you to mane fun restaurants and bars. It's the best of all worlds!
The University Mound of the Portola District of San Francisco has excellent views and peace and quiet as well as conveniences.  Beautiful 316-acre John McLaren Park is 2 blocks from the house.  Walking distance to retail districts of Bernal Heights (Cortland), the Portola (San Bruno Ave.), the Excelsior (Mission St.), Glen Park (Diamond), and the Mission.
The University Mound section of the Portola District is a diverse neighborhood famous for its gardens that is conveniently located to all of San Francisco's attractions while being quiet and peaceful.
The easy access to public transportation and the serenity of the neighborhood.
The house is in a quiet neighborhood.... very diverse. It is called the Excelsior/Mission area of the city.
The house is located two blocks from beautiful 316-acre John McLaren Park and is located within two blocks of two Muni bus lines.  Glen Park BART subway is one mile away and there is easily available free on-street parking.  Walk to Bernal Heights, Portola, Excelsior, Glen Park, and Mission District shops, bars, and restaurants.  Close to both 101 and I-280 freeways.  Room looks onto private backyard garden.
The neighborhood has many restaurants with a variety of cuisines. The house is less than a block away from Fat Beli Deli, a local family-owned deli and coffee shop, as well as Four Barrel Coffee, also in walking distance.
The neighborhood is quiet and residential with big old houses and multiple generations of long-time San Franciscans from all backgrounds. The second-largest park in SF is blocks away, and it's an easy trip to any part of the city or points south on the peninsula.
The neighborhood is very diverse within just a few blocks to delicious Chinese, Mexican food and other food markets. If you like to hike, there is a beautiful park a few blocks up the hill called John McLaren Park.
There is a beautiful park (John Mclaren Park) with lakes (and in parts of the park you feel like you are in the middle of a forest) only a few blocks away.
There is an enormous variety of cuisines within walking distance i.e. Vietnamese, Chinese, Mexican, Salvadoreon and many more.  Also within a few blocks reach is Asian, Latin, and American grocery stores.      Just down the street is the state's very first farmers market, Alemeny Farmers Market, which is every Saturday morning.  The same space turns into a flea market every Sunday.   Portola District is one of San Francisco's last hidden gems.
This is a hidden gem of San Francisco!  Everything is close by: Restaurants, grocery stores, libraries, banks, parks, laundry and much more! On Saturday mornings, there is a very popular and crowded farmer's market at Alemany Farmers' Market. What's more, with the exception of street cleaning, parking is free and unrestricted in our neighborhood.
This is a quiet neighborhood that is safe with no nightlife. There are a few bars a few blocks away but we like being able to get to the craziness of the Mission and SOMA with a quick metro station or two away. But we like not having to step over drunk people when trying to enter our house :)  There is a super market just two blocks away and a few restaurants (sushi, Mexican, Guatemalan, Thai, Chinese) in 5 mins walk.  Just 15 mins walk there is one of the most beautiful parks in San Francisco that not many people go to (Mclaren Park) where we sometimes like to throw small parties and walk the dog. In the other direction (20 min.), Glen Park is a hikeable canyon that is great to take a stroll in. (Recommended!)
This is a quiet neighborhood, close to Glen Park where there are cafes, restaurants, and a great little market. The trendy Mission area is a short bus ride away. There is easy access to the Peninsula, as well as downtown San Francisco, by car. There is a bus line # 44, just one block from the house, and it will take you to the BART train that goes into downtown or south down the peninsula, and to the east bay area. The #44 also will take you to Golden Gate Park.
This is a real San Francisco neighborhood that hasn't changed as much as other neighborhoods have nearby. It is indeed a last of a dying breed in a rapidly changing city. The neighborhood is home to many great places walking distance.  Chinese and Vietnamese cuisines are plentiful.  There is a grocery and convenience store across the street as well as an amazing "third wave" coffee shop called Four Barrells down the block. Within a half mile,  is the state's very first farmers market, Alemany Farmers Market.  The market  is open every Saturday morning. The same space turns into a flea market every Sunday. Like hiking?  Great! There is an awesome park nearby called John McLaren Park. Other nearby points of interest:  4 blocks to an amazing breakfast diner called Tiffany's restaurant.  5 blocks to a Bank of America   3 blocks away from a Walgreens.  5 minute drive to Mission Dolores Park/Mission District which offers a lot of street art and amazing food. Walk Score 76: Most errands can b
This is a residential community with mostly SF native families that take pride in their neighborhood and the safety/cleanliness of the community.
This is a residential neighborhood, and as such it is safe and quiet at night. Mission Street and nightlife is easily accessible. There is a large park a few doors away, perfect for a morning walk or jog.
This part of San Francisco is not a tourist destination. Please keep that in mind when rating my place for location. • Walk Score: 93 of 100 (daily errands do not require a car) • Transit Score: 85 or 100 (transit is convenient for most trips) • Bike Score: 72 of 100 (mostly flat, some bike lanes) The apartment is located at the southern end of San Francisco.  A lot of destinations tourists want to visit are in the northern part of the city.  By bus, light rail or BART you can get anywhere in the city in about 30 to 45 minutes.  People live in the Excelsior because it's relatively affordable and there is easy access to public transportation to get to downtown San Francisco or to other cities in the Bay Area. Since this neighborhood has not been gentrified yet, we still don't have the cute wooden benches and nice planters you'll see in other parts of San Francisco. A lot of restaurants in San Francisco only accept cash.  There are more popular restaurants, clubs, coffee shops, bars and 
Up and coming neighborhood. Four Barrel coffee and recently renovated Breakfast At Tiffany's on San Bruno.
Variety of food options (pho, Mexican, pizza, Chinese, BBQ, breakfast) Wonderful coffee shop, Four Barrel 3 blocks away Laundry mat around the corner Dry cleaner around the corner  Library 4 blocks away Palega Park 2 blocks away (indoor/ outdoor basketball court, ping pong sets, baseball field and soccer field) 44 Silver Ave Bus Line  9 San Bruno Bus Line Glen Park Bart 5 minute drive away 10-15 minute drive to downtown SF 5 minute drive to Mission 15 minute drive to SFO
Very close to Mission Street with fruit stores, restaurants, Walgreens, etc.  McLaren Park is 10 blocks uphill, and was designed by the same man who made Central Park and Golden gate Park.
Very close to Mission Street with fruit stores, restaurants, Walgreens, etc.  McLaren Park is 10 blocks uphill, and was designed by the same man who made Central Park and Golden gate Park. 
Very close to many produce markets, ethnic bakeries, cafes, restaurants, shops, post office, laundromat, banks, library, and other conveniences.  Within walking distance you will find one of SF lesser known hidden treasure, McLaren Park.  San Francisco’s second-largest park, McLaren  Park, offers playgrounds, picnic areas, game courts, the Jerry Garcia Amphitheater, a golf course, McNab Lake and the newly renovated Coffman Pool. Explore an immense Natural Area of scenic meadows, grassland and wetland habitat. More than 7 miles of walking trails meander through its 312 acres, replete with native plants and wildlife. Established in 1927, the park is named for John McLaren, the ‘grandfather of Golden Gate Park.’ Cow Palace is a 2 mile drive, and easily accessible by bus. City College is also easy to get to either walking distance (.9 mile) or again by bus.
We are in excelsior neighborhood which is unique and safe to walk during the day and night, more quiet at night, ethnically diverse neighborhood, 50/50% mix of commercial retail stores/ offices and residential.  In its earlier days, the Excelsior District was predominantly Italian, Irish, and Swiss. During the late 1970s, 80s and 90s, the Excelsior District, like the Mission District, became predominantly Latino. The Excelsior District also has a large Filipino community and was the home of famous musician "Jerry Garcia", The Grateful Dead singer/guitarist.  Many restaurants (Thai, Japanese, Mexican, Filipino, Chinese, Italian, American,...), convenience stores, banks, library, pharmacy, supermarkets and much more.
We have lived here for 3 years now, and we love the neighborhood. On San Bruno Ave you have renovated Breakfast at Tiffany's [amazing freshly-squeezed OJ!] and Four Barrel coffee as well as Asian and Hispanic restaurants and markets. For those who need a donut every day to stay alive, there is a great donut place! There's also a boba tea place. There is McLaren Park nearby with views compared with those from Dolores Park except they are more majestic! On the weekend you can walk to Alemany Boulevard where, on Saturdays, you can buy fresh fruits and vegetables at the Farmer's Market and on Sundays you can pick up a beautiful Aztec necklace, a picture of a duck wearing bed clothes, or a vintage feather boa at the Flea Market. Across the street is a recreation center with outdoor tennis and indoor/outdoor basketball courts, baseball and soccer fields, and a playground, and you are totally free to use it! It's a community neighborhood and we are fortunate to call it home.
We live across the street from a community garden and a block away from John Mclaren park. Portola Neighborhood: "Diamond in the Rough" "As a little-known neighborhood leaning toward the outskirts of San Francisco, Portola maintains a simple community feel. This unassuming residential area is home to independent bakeries, family-run pharmacies, and beloved McLaren Park. Although it shares a border with two infamously rough neighborhoods, Portola is a quiet community that takes care of itself. Public transportation is not convenient here, but the neighborhood is easily accessible by car—Portola is situated at the intersection of two major interstates." -AIR BNB
We live on a level street at the top of a hill with wonderful views of SF Bay. From the hills in McLaren Park, a half-block away, one can see the ocean, the bay, south to the airport and north to downtown. This is an unpretentious (no Victorian houses), quiet and friendly neighborhood, in which parking is readily available.
We love our neighborhood and we're happy to share it with you. The Excelsior is a quiet, safe, residential, family area. It's changing and getting more popular though, as some people find that other neighborhoods are becoming too formatted or too trendy, and want to be in one of the last cool, relaxed place in the City. It's very conveniently located next to both the 101 and 280 highways for easy access to downtown SF, East Bay and South Bay. • Restaurants: 8 min walk (500m) to Mission Street. Thai, Sushi, South American, great little cafes. • Groceries: corner store 2 min walk, Safeway (big supermarket) 10 min walk/2 min drive, Whole Foods (big organic/high end supermarket) 5 min drive.  • Convenience: Walgreens, banks and more on Mission Street at 10 min walk/2 min drive.  • There are 6 parks at 5/10 min walking distance. 1 children's playground, tennis courts, 1 public swimming pool, and the huge McLaren Park (2nd biggest park in the city).  • Trendy neighborhoods with bars, restaur
We love the Excelsior! Come see the real San Francisco!  Mission street (only a two blocks away) has some the best taquerias in the city! It also has affordable grocery stores and markets.  Glen Park (.75 miles away) is adorable! The amazing 'Canyon Market' Grocery store has fresh organic produce, grass-fed and free-range meat as well as a great wine selection. Bello Cafe and Higher Grounds Coffee Shop are great breakfast spots.  One of our favorite restaurants for dinner is Manzoni's. Other recommendations: Le P’tit Laurent (try the Cassoulet!) and the famous but unmarked Gialina Pizzeria.
While our house is quiet, Mission Street 2 blocks away is full of life with lots of ethnic restaurants, produce and convenience stores. Around Glen Park BART station, more restaurants/bistros and my favorite organic grocery store Canyon Market. The neighborhood is safe, we raised our 2 daughters here while they were high-schoolers. There are plenty of kids on our street, and 2 schools a block away.
close to bus lines and Bart.  15 minutes Bart ride to downtown and the city center.
quite but fast pace neighborhood