- Trendy SoMa and South Beach neighborhood  - 1 minute walk to the water and sea walk  - Short walk to the ferry building (5 min), AT&T Ball Park (5 min), Bay Bridge, Embarcadero (30 seconds), Moscone Conference Center, many great restaurants (Water Bar, Slanted Door, Americano), the Piers, Union Square, Financial District (10 min), art galleries, shopping, and bars within blocks.
Amazing restaurants and coffee shops steps away: Thai - OSHA Thai Italian - Pazzia Indian - Cafe Chaat Mexican - Garaje Cocktail Bars: Local Edition, Novela
Angel Island State Park, the largest natural island in the San Francisco Bay offers some of the best views of the surrounding Bay Area. With great hiking trails and many other recreational opportunities readily available, Angel Island is truly a hidden gem in the midst of the urban Bay Area.  Angel Island is truly a walk through time! Beginning with the earliest inhabitants, the Coast Miwok, Angel Island was a seasonal hunting and gathering location for the local native tribes, a safe refuge and supply stop for Spanish explorers like Juan Manuel de Ayala, one of the first to map the San Francisco Bay. From 1910 to 1940, the U.S. Immigration Station processed hundreds of thousands of immigrants, the majority from China. During World War II, Japanese, and German POWs were detained at the Station before being sent to facilities farther inland. The Island has been a cattle ranch and beginning with the Civil War at Camp Reynolds, the Island has over 100 years of military history. With the o
Awesome--close to everything, and convenient!
Chinatown.north beach.financial district.
Close proximity to Rincon Center gives residents easy access to restaurants, a new post office, a full-service market, a dentist, an optometrist, a beauty salon, gift shops, a dry cleaner and commercial offices, all centered around a beautiful courtyard reminiscent of a European plaza.
Close to restaurants, galleries, cinemas, museums, shopping centers. Couple of blocks from Financial District, Union Square and Embarcadero.
Downtown, One of the most walkable prestigious neighborhoods in San Francisco. Close to Financial district, museums, high end as well as practical shopping, Farmers market, Ferry building, easy zip-car, uber travel bus, and taxi access, waterfront and amazing dining.
Everything is easily accessible: restaurants, museums, waterfront, shopping  -- plus so much more this amazing city has to offer.  We're just a short walk to Moscone Center, Union Square, the Embarcadero, Chinatown, North Beach, and all the nightlife of SoMa -- and just a slightly longer walk or quick light rail ride to AT&T Park.   We're near enough to everything that it's easy to get around; but we're a bit tucked away on a small street, so it's easier to find parking, and a nice refuge at the end of a long day. San Francisco has the best food in the world, and we've got plenty of places to grab breakfast, lunch or dinner within just a block or two. Let us give you a recommendation to suit your tastes, or explore our local favorites: (URL HIDDEN)
Focusing on SF financial district- volatile city impression Cable car is 5 blocks away from the house to the south. F line is 4 blocks away from the house to the east. A bus stop around the corner of the house.  Safeway within 0.5miles. (open till 12 am) Wallgreen within 0.2 miles (open till 12 am) Donut and Coffee (open for  24 hours) Post office within 0.2 miles Toggle (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) map from jackson st and montgomery st to your targeting location.  Walking up to Coit tower (in 10 min ) Running/Jogging to Pier 39 (about 25 mins) Ferry Building Farmers market (open on the weekend - 5 blocks away) Walking to Levis Center (15 mins)  Lombard just around Cable car station. We are located in the center of FIDI. not behind the main street, just in front and same raw of Transamerica building.  If you really like to know about a specific place, please email and contact with the location name and address. I would love to respond  with direction and that neighbors around.  Hope you
I moved to SOMA to start my business because the neighborhood brings a lot of energy and opportunity.  Great mix of start-up professionals and visitors from all over the world.. the conversations you hear in line at coffee shops and food trucks are inspiring to say the least; valuations, IPO's, mergers, new technologies, new app solutions... there is no other place like it on earth. SoMa (South of Market) the premier downtown neighborhood and walking distance from: - Moscone Convention Center  - Pier One Ferry Building  - Museum of Modern Art  - Union Square  - AT&T Park Giants Baseball Stadium  - Numerous cafes, restaurants and bars.
It's a community of mostly students and young professionals. Everyone is super friendly and willing to help.
LOCATION: Located on the heart of 'New' San Francisco, this ultra luxe apartment affords immediate and easy access  to the vibrant tech and financial centers of 'The City' as well as the natural beauty, cultural, nightlife, convention, and tourist attractions for which  San Francisco is world renown.   ALSO NEARBY: Moscone Center Ferry Building Yerba Buena Gardens & Center Of The Arts MoMA and MoAD Jewish Art Museum Union Square Wide variety of the city's best Bars, Restaurants and Clubs and Brilliant Night-Life! Work is close by: Jawbone Charles Schwab Zynga Blackrock SalesForce (website hidden)   are all walking distance
Located in the downtown fiancial district just off Union Square. Vibrant night life on Belden Place. Walk to Moscone Center.
Make sure you check out the eclectic SightGlass coffee shop,  upscale brands on Market Street, shopping in Union Square, the Ferry Building, ChinaTown and the famous Fisherman's Warf, all within a 10 minute stroll. You are also a short distance from the Mission District, usually within 10 minutes by car with no traffic. There is a also  a bicycle store two blocks away, where you can rent a bike for the weekend. A lot of people enjoy biking to Sausolito and taking the ferry back. Look up online information for this.
Our apartment is located in the SoMA district, right in the heart of San Francisco. We love our neighborhood for the incredible variety of coffee shops, restaurants, and things to do. We're also conveniently located across from the Moscone Center and a short walk to the hustle and bustle of Union Square and Chinatown.  One of our favorite things to do is go to the farmers' market at the Ferry Building on the weekends. Baseball fan? The Giants stadium is just down the street as well!
Our location can't be beat! We are located one block over from the famous San Francisco Chinatown, one block from the bustling Financial District, a few blocks south of "Little Italy" in North Beach, and just a 10 minute stroll from the water along the Embarcadero.
Our unit is at the center of downtown and in the financial district. Whether you're visiting for tourism, business or conference, you would like to opt for a convenient location—so you don't waste your time just getting around downtown. We're in the same neighborhood as Bay Bridge, Moscone Center, Union Square, FiDi Offices, Chinatown and various hotels.
Rental is in the heart of Downtown / Embarcadero / Financial District / SOMA / Yerba Buena
Right across the Moscone Center and Yerba Buena, in the heart of SOMA. Minutes from Union Square and the Financial District
Right next to Super Bowl City. Apartment is located a 5 minute walk from the Ferry Building and a 10 minute walk from downtown SF.
SOMA used to be a very rough neighborhood; it has changed considerably although the homeless are still around. Depending on the level of rain, there may or may not be a significant homeless presence near the apartment, but it is quite safe. Just don't leave anything, ANYTHING remotely valuable in your car if you're driving. There are dozens of restaurants around ranging from 3 star Michelin (Benu) on down to delis and takeout. Of special note: Sanraku in the Metreon is one of the few sushi places with all Japanese chefs. Oola near the convention center has an amazing weekend brunch (and bottomless drinks). There are a number of nightclubs also within 3 blocks (Harlot, Temple), and quite a few more within a 15 minute walk especially near Union Square. Bars - all manner ranging from the 105 year old Flytrap (1 block) (URL HIDDEN) to a bar built over an 1850 era ship (Old Ship Saloon) to the new hip Hakkasan SF, whiskey bars (Morningside and Local Edition), Irish (Kate O Brien's) etc etc.
Startup central, great coffee, close to the ballpark, south park, Moscone, Embarcadero, and market st.
Super convenient to downtown and all modes of transportation. Extremely high walk rating...  Everything is easily accessible: restaurants, museums, waterfront, shopping -- plus so much more this amazing city has to offer. It’s just a short walk to Moscone Center, Union Square, the Embarcadero, Chinatown, North Beach, AT&T Park and all the nightlife of SoMa/Southbeach. BART, Transbay terminal, and CalTrain are all 5-20 mins walking distance. South Beach is also known as the second financial district. This means it is relatively quiet during evenings and weekends.
The building is located steps from Moscone Center and Yerba Buena Gardens, a bustling intersection between the world of culture, art and business, with designer shopping, world class dining and renowned cultural activities placed right outside your door. There are plenty of  cafes, bars and night life and even "work space" to choose from.  The modern apartment truly offers guests the ultimate downtown living  as you get to enjoy vies from your room and living-room; such as Yerba  Buena Park, SFMOA, MOAD, W Hotel, The Bay, Twin Peaks and so much more.  Public transportation such as Bart, is few steps away. The Transbay Terminal as well as The Embarcadero are less than 10 minutes walk. Union Square, China Town, Ball Park are all within 10 to 15 minutes walking distance. North Beach, China Town, Coit Tower around 15 minutes walk.  Really the best and most amazing location in town.
The neighborhood is beautiful, near pier and fisherman's wharf, Embarcadero is my favorite running place!
The neighborhood is really quiet lovely with tree-lined streets, and filled with small wine shops, arts and crafts shops, many nice and afordable restaurants, and quaint little bars on small alleyways. Tons of history in the original part of San Francisco.
They are quite, decent and friendly people.
This apartment is in the heart of SOMA, which is the hot neighborhood to stay in San Francisco no matter whether you are on a leisure or business trip. There are a lot of great restaurants, bars, coffee shops nearby. Whole Foods, Target and an AMC theater are all 1 block away. I can give you suggestions as a local. SFMOMA is 1 block away. You don't want to miss it if you are into arts and museums. Yerba Buena Garden is also 1 block away, which is really good if you want to chill in a park under the sun. Moscone Center is super close if you are attending a convention. AT&T Park is 0.6 miles away if you want to catch a Giants' game. Finally, if you are in high tech industry, this is where all the high tech companies and startups are. Uber, Airbnb, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Yelp, etc. It's the best place to meet people.
This is a very clean and safe environment, has many restaurants, bars, galleries and cafes
Very close to shopping mall.
Vibrant downtown location in the financial district and just off Union Square.
Walking distance from the best restaurants in SF. Kokkari, Cotogna, Quince, Tosca!
You really couldn't ask for much more in a apartment stay in San Francisco.
中心地段,步行至联合广场,莫斯康会展中心,金融中心,市府,唐人街等