A lovely old residential neighborhood with easy access to Glen Park, Noe Valley, Bernal Heights, and the Mission. Easy to walk or bike to great coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and grocers.
A quaint and very safe neighbourhood with everything essential assembled together to form one of the the cutest neighbourhoods in San Francisco. There are an array of restaurants(French, Italian, Japanese, and Mexican), all kinds of shops, bakeries, coffee shops, gym and yoga studios, parks, and public transportation. One of which is the Bart- The fastest way to get around San Francisco. And it's a five minutes downhill walk away from this private home.
As a delightfully sunny neighborhood in the midst of a city so often shrouded in fog, Noe Valley attracts a laid-back crowd looking to score fresh vegetables at its farmer’s market or sip on a full-bodied glass of red wine. Cafes and boutiques line this convivial neighborhood’s tidy main street, making it a bustling daytime destination for moms and their tots, dogs and their owners, and couples strolling hand in hand. We're literally a half block away from public transportation corridors serving J Church, 24 bus (24 hour service) and 35 bus (takes you directly to Glen Park BART station); playground, dog park and park), award winning restaurants (La Ciccia and Le Nebbia), Toasts, Pomelo, Tataki South Sushi, Henry Hunan (Chinese), Regent Thai, Twin Peaks Pizza, and Clay Oven Indian. Church Produce and corner grocery store half block away. One block away Drews Meats butcher store Cafe XO half block away 4 blocks from The Mission and award winning Mitchell Ice Cream 10-15 minutes walk to G
Authentic San Francisco experience in one of the best neighborhoods. Check our reviews about the space and views from your private decks. Yes, two amazing decks and 360 city views inside and out of the studio with beautiful natural light throughout.
Awesome, clean, safe neighborhood. Delicious bakery just down the hill and a slew of tasty restaurants and shops within a 10-minute walk. There's excellent sushi and Thai food, a few cafes, a killer taqueria for your burrito fix and a couple bars. Plus a fancy food market. You're set.  Oh, and a 15-minute stroll away is Glen Canyon Park. Many SF natives don't realize there is a canyon in the city. It's right here, and great for hiking! Sweet views, too. Don't miss it. 
Cozy, fully of nature, near everything, vast views, friendly neighbors, several great parks.
GLEN PARK Centered by a commercial area near the intersection of Diamond and Bosworth Streets, Glen Park has about one of each thing that a neighborhood might ask for. From a walking standpoint some hills and blocks of residences separate it from Noe Valley to the north and Bernal Heights to the east. Both Muni and BART pass directly through, bridging the gap. Glen Canyon Park is a 70-acre city park featuring a deep natural canyon with walking paths leading up into Diamond Heights, and recreational facilities at its southern entrance.
Glen Park is SF's best neighborhood!  Small town feel with great public transit.  Walking distance to huge park with hiking trails, Mission and Noe districts, great restaurants all in walking distance.
Glen Park is a beautiful residential neighborhood in San Francisco with killer views of the city.  About a 12 minute walk to BART, which will take you anywhere in the city. Close to beautiful parks. Walk down hilly tree lined steps to Noe Valley with shopping and restaurants.
Glen Park is a gem.
Glen Park is a great neighborhood. Plenty of cafes, Chinese, Mexican, French and other restaurants, an upscale food market with prepared food, BART and Muni connects, Glen Canyon Park.
Glen Park is a lovely residential neighborhood with a cute village feel. It's safe and quiet but also extremely convenient. Glen Park is known for its village feel (once called little Switzerland) mad the fabulous Glen Canyon. It's also a great neighborhood to stroll around and meander through the side streets. We even have a few unpacked roads remaining in our neighborhood! Right in the middle of San Francisco.  We are a 7 minute walk to the Bart station and 5 minutes from the interstate making it super easy to be out of town or down town in no time (15 minutes to the airport and 15 minutes to down town). There is also a bus stop two houses up the street.
Glen Park is a sunny, friendly, and safe little neighborhood with several good restaurants, a healthy foods grocery store, fun decor shops and a great independent book store. It's part of the City, yet it feels like a little village. It has a calm and friendly vibe and all the convenient transportation options make this a perfect home-base.  Just a few blocks away is GLEN CANYON PARK. Unlike any other park in the City, it is situated in a rustic canyon, with 70 acres of bucolic, walking trails along Islais Creek, or more challenging hikes up to the top of the Canyon. Folks come from all over the City for the birding, nature walks, and even rock-climbing. 
Glen Park is a village within the city. You could easily spend a weekend exploring the shops, restaurants, and bars without ever leaving the neighborhood. Here are some of our favorite spots, all within walking distance: Canyon Market  •  (Well appointed grocery in Glen Park village) Gialina  •  (Best pizza in San Francisco!) La Corneta Taqueria  •  (Amazing burritos) Glen Park Station  •  (Neighborhood watering hole) Old Bus Tavern  •  (Brewpub with great food) ICHI Sushi + NI Bar  •  (Sushi restaurant) Tataki Canyon  •  (More sushi) The Front Porch  •  (Southern hospitality in San Francisco) Destination Baking Company  •  (Local bakery - try almond croissant!) Bello Coffee & Tea  •  (Coffeeshop) Higher Grounds Coffee House  • (Coffee & crepes) Perch  •  (Quirky gift shop) La Ciccia  • (Quaint Sardinian restaurant) Glen Canyon Park  • (Get your fix of nature in the heart of the city with a hike on one of the many trails through the canyon.)
Glen Park is a wonderful neighborhood located in the southern part of San Francisco. It has an awesome park (Glen Canyon Park) and many restaurants and stores.
Glen Park is emerging as one of the most popular residential areas of San Francisco. It has an intimate 'village' feeling with boutique shops and restaurants clustered together, all of which are steps from our house. There are great Italian, Japanese, French, Thai, pizza, and Chinese restaurants a block away, as well as coffee shops, ice cream, a crepe shop, and a sports bar. Canyon Market offers groceries, fresh produce, great wines and craft beers, and prepared foods to meet all your food shopping needs. On Sundays from April-November there is a farmer's market across from the BART station. Glen Canyon Park is a 10-minute walk from our house. It is a remarkable wilderness within the city with ample trails, but also has tennis courts, playing fields, and a new state-of-the-art playground.
Glen Park is one of San Francisco's rare gems. We are in walking distance to three of the city's best parks (Glen Park and Canyon, the Upper Noe Recreation Center, and Walter Haas Park). We offer one of the city's best gourmet food shops (Canyon Market) and some of the finest restaurants of every variety (Gialina, Manzoni, Tataki, Le P'tit Laurent, Osha Thai, La Corneta). But the best thing about Glen Park is its village-like atmosphere. There are no chain stores, the people are friendly, and sometimes it feels like you've been transported back to another era, even amidst the hipsters, the techies, and the funky eateries.
Glen Park is one of San Francisco's rare villages, it's a "city burb". We are in walking distance to three great parks (Glen Park Canyon, the Upper Noe Recreation Center, and Walter Haas Park).  One of the best markets in the city, Canyon Market, is literally across the street, which is open from 7am to 9pm daily.  We have some wonderful gourmet shops like Cheese Shop and fantastic diverse restaurants as well - Gialina, Manzoni, Tataki, Le P'tit Laurent, Osha Thai, La Corneta.   Glen Park is a unique, friendly and special community.
Glen Park is one of the "hot" new family neighborhoods with the second largest Park in SF.  The nook and cranny village has great restaurants, stores and food shops.
Glen park has a great village with lots of great restaurants. Near top rated Gialina Pizza and several other restaurants (sushi, Italian, French, American) and a an awesome organic grocery store. Also near Glen Park Canyon - great for hikes, tennis and equipped with a playground for kids.
Great location in Upper Noe Valley. Very quiet and safe, easy parking, close to restaurants, shops and J-line. Upper Noe restaurants, cafés, shops on Church street are just 2 blocks away. Upper Noe recreation park and playground around the corner. Perfect also with kids. Close to the Mission with trendy shops, restaurants, bars.
Home is in upper Noe Valley, arguably one of SF's best old neighborhoods. Wonderful, safe walking; tons of shops, restaurants, cafés, book stores, etc close by. At same time, our street is quiet and off the main hub which is 24th Street. Walking distance to the lively Mission. Think amazing food!
House located at border of Glen Park and Upper Noe Valley.     See Airbnb description for Glen Park: https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/glen-park.
If you search  the AirBnB website for an SF neighborhood that has views, is quiet and has great access to public transit, you get one answer:  Noe Valley. The Noe Valley neighborhood has a relaxed vibe with a mix of young professionals plus families, singles and long standing residents.  Restaurants and cafes are numerous, muni and BART are nearby.  Any day strolling along 24th Street (the main shopping street) you will see families with young children, many dog owners, locals enjoying coffee.  Our house is on Laidley Street, lined with a mix of architecturally unique San Francisco homes, from earthquake cottages to Tech Mogul palazzi.  You can also check out the description of Noe Valley under "Neighborhoods" on AirBnb.
It's great light, quiet and convenience to getting around the city and the Bay Area. Great neighbors.
It's quaint and quiet yet has access to all the local shops, stores, boutiques, restaurants, and night life. Beautiful ever improving streets lined with Victorian homes and San Francisco style houses. A family neighborhood, where I raised my boys to men, and enjoy watching my neighbors do the same.
Noe Valley is a neighborhood with single-family homes, lots of Victorians, sophisticated boutiques for shopping, high-end restaurants, but also any food style desired - Italian, Peruvian, Mexican, California fusion, you name it. It is also walking distance to the Mission.
Noe Valley is a quiet and quaint part of San Francisco with great hilly views whether you're on the hill or in the valley. It's usually warmer here due to Twin Peaks blocking the fog, a plus if you're not always excited to be enshrouded by fog.
Noe-Glen is a beautiful, residential neighbourhood that is quiet but close to many of the happening neighbourhoods including the Mission which is a foodie heaven and Castro.
One block from my house you will find: Bello Coffee Canyon Market (local grocery run by neighbors) Tataki sushi La Corneta (one of the best Mission-Style Taquerias in town – no joke) Gialinas (family run pizzeria):  Le p'tit Laurent (French bistro – best no reservation brunch in the city) Glen Park Station
One of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco and easily accessible by car or public transportation to the entire city. Excellent  public transportation, options, excellent local gourmet grocery with lots organic and prepared foods, great restaurants and cafes, branch of the library, bookstore, hardware store, pet store, mailing/shipping store, ATMs, cleaners and other shops. Safeway and post office 1/2 mile away.
Our charming Victorian home is just an easy 10 minute walk from the Glen Park BART station and is located on the cusp of three of San Francisco's most diverse and vibrant neighborhoods: Glen Park, Noe Valley and Mission(URL HIDDEN) There is abundant public transportation to downtown SF and beyond(URL HIDDEN) Our home is located within walking distance to beautiful parks/outdoor spaces, restaurants, and diverse neighborhood shopping districts.
Our home is located in the heart of Glen Park, a charming, village-like residential area located in the middle of SF's urban bustle.  Its residents are an eclectic mix of professionals, students, and young "techies" living in enchanting, century-old homes nestled along narrow, winding hillside streets overlooking the city.  It has a small business district (a 3-minute walk from our house) that offers an array of excellent restaurants (Italian, Japanese, French, Mexican, Thai), coffee shops, a neighborhood bar, an upscale market, bakeries, a cheese shop, book shop, library, and even an outdoor farmers' market (in season).   Our house is a 3-minute walk to Glen Canyon Park, a 70-acre park nestled in a dramatic canyon that borders Glen Park.  The park has an extensive network of hiking trails, dramatic rock formations, flowery meadows, tennis courts, ballfields, a new playground, a soon-to-be-completed new recreation center, and one of only two remaining free-flowing creeks in SF.  A walk
The apartment is on a hill overlooking Noe Valley and the Mission District. In a 10 - 20 minute walk or very short cab ride, you can enjoy highlights of four of the favorite neighborhoods of SF. From the boutiques, coffee shops and Whole Foods on leafy 24th Street in Noe Valley, to the trendy bars and restaurants of the Mission, to quaint Bernal Heights and Glen Park, there is no shortage of great spots to hang nearby.
There are several really good restaurants in the neighborhood. There is also a canyon park nearby. It is also very close to the mission area, where more good food and night spots are located.
This is a great neighborhood, located in Noe Valley on the border with Glen Park. You're a short walk away from 24th street, the heart of Noe, to the Mission, and to Glen Park. Nearby restaurants include La Ciccia, La Nebbia, Pomelo, Alice, Tataki South, Eric's, Regent Thai and Martha Bros. coffee.  There's a corner market on 30th and Church and Canyon Market in Glen Park is a short walk away.
Tranquil, yet with easy access to hot spots, as it's adjacent to the Mission district & Noe Valley. Access the rest of the city and beyond through a short walk to many public transportation options ( Bart or light rail or buses ) or cheap taxi rides. Arguably, the best burrito in SF is had at La Corneta, right by Glen Park Bart
Tucked away from much of the city's hustle and bustle by sprawling Glen Canyon Park, the Glen Park neighborhood has the feel of a small, inclusive village. Conveniently served by a BART station and easy freeway access, guests can be in the Mission and popular destinations downtown in minutes. Bus 44 will take you on a scenic route up to Golden Gate Park in less than 20 min. The area is quite popular with families who want to enjoy city living in a more peaceful corner of San Francisco. Known as "the Village," the neighborhood's commercial strip is centered at the intersection of Diamond and Chenery streets near the Glen Park BART station (access to SFO, Oakland airport, The Mission, Downtown, and East Bay). Here you'll find charming mom-and-pop shops, a number of trendy restaurants and old-fashioned cafes and more!  The neighborhood is ideal for those who find enjoying the outdoors an absolute must. Glen Canyon Park occupies nearly 70 acres and offers miles of hiking trails. Walter Haa
Tucked away from much of the city's hustle and bustle by sprawling Glen Canyon Park, the Glen Park neighborhood has the feel of a small, inclusive village. Conveniently served by a BART station and easy freeway access, residents can find themselves downtown or headed to the South Bay in no time. The area is quite popular with families who want to enjoy city living in a more peaceful corner of San Francisco. Known as "the Village," the neighborhood's commercial strip is centered at the intersection of Diamond and Chenery streets near the Glen Park BART station (access to SFO, Oakland airport, The Mission, Downtown, and East Bay). Here you'll find charming mom-and-pop shops, a number of trendy restaurants and old-fashioned cafes and more!  The neighborhood is ideal for those who find enjoying the outdoors an absolute must. Glen Canyon Park occupies nearly 70 acres and offers miles of hiking trails. Walter Haas Park sits atop the hill and could definitely compete for the title of best bay
We are an 8-min walk to the "village" of Glen Park, a quiet yet friendly neighborhood full of narrow streets and Victorian homes. Here you'll find Gialina, one of the city's best pizzerias, La Corneta Taqueria, Destination Bakery, Cheese Plus, a great bookstore, public library and Canyon Market, a wonderful full-service organic grocery store. We are also within walking distance of Mission street bars and restaurants in Bernal Heights, and close to Noe Valley as well as huge Glen Canyon park, which has a new playground and hiking trails. Please see the Guidebook for more recommendations.
We live in one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco!  Our neighbors will welcome you and you will feel like a native during your stay! If there is sun in San Francisco, it will be in Noe Valley/Glen Park.  Everything is in walking distance including a wonderful fruit and vegetable grocer, great cafes with some of the best coffee in town, and public transportation that will take you anyplace in the city.  
We live in the Glen Park neighborhood and there are several good restaurants and a well-stocked gourmet grocery store with it's own bakery inside. There is also a large grocery store five blocks up the road in Diamond Heights.  This is a great neighborhood, we're on a hill, the house is close to Noe Valley and the Mission.
We live in the Glen Park neighborhood of San Francisco, the location is ideally situated for access to both downtown San Francisco and points south such as Silicon Valley. Our neighborhood has little traffic, is quiet with charming alleyways and a nice park (Glen Park) a few blocks away. We say it is like living in the suburbs but still has all the benefits of living in a city. The neighborhood is hilly (this is San Francisco after all) but very walking friendly with Glen Park, food markets, shops and restaurants all within walking distance. We often have sunny days when other parts of the city are fogged in. 
We live on the border between Noe Valley and Glen Park, a quaint, family-centered part of San Francisco.  We're about equidistant between the heart of Noe Valley and Glen Park Village – both of which are local commercial hubs for top-rated restaurants, shops and city life.  We're a short walk as well to the shops and restaurants of the outer Mission District area and less than 10 blocks to the hip shops and internationally-acclaimed restaurants in the heart of the Mission.  Just a couple minute walk (2 blocks) is the Noe Valley Rec center with a great playground and park.
We spent years looking for the perfect blend of a home located on a quiet, beautiful street, but which is immediately accessible to a variety of neighborhoods, restaurants, services, parks, shops and transportation.  We're thrilled to have found it.  We also love that our neighborhood has some of the best weather in an often foggy city.  We're situated between Noe Valley and Glen Park, both of which we frequent daily in our everyday lives.  We love how easy it is to utilize our public transit system and how quickly we can walk to so many locals favorites around us.
We will included a printed list of neighborhood businesses to help you navigate the "Village".  Glen Park is one of the first neighborhoods that you get to when entering San Francisco from the South.  The main area is called the Glen Park Village (1 block away from the house) and is a two by two block area filled with a plethora of international restaurants (Thai, Italian, French, Mexican, Pizza Parlor, Japanese), cafes, novelty stores, and hair and nail salons.  Our neighborhood doesn't have any chain stores, only "mom and pop" business, such as a french cheese shop, bakery, cafe, organic grocer with a gourmet deli and butcher.  It reminds me of an English village where you shop from store to store along an avenue to buy your groceries.  A few blocks away is Glen Park Canyon, which has tennis courts, baseball/soccer fields, kids playground, and many easy and advance hiking trails.  Within minutes you are in a natures' surroundings and quickly forget you are in a metropolitan city.   T
We've lived in Glen Park for over 10 years and absolutely love it!  Beautiful green space, friendly neighbors, quiet streets with interesting architecture, one of the best grocery stores in the City, solid neighborhood restaurants, a branch of the San Francisco Library...  and easy access via BART, 101 and 280.   A perfect neighborhood for a quiet stay, or as a springboard to anywhere you might want to go in the Bay Area!
Wonderful restaurants, bookstore, organic food market and cafes. Very friendly! Across the street from Glen Park which has a wonderful children's playground, trails up through a canyon for wonderful walks.
• ¾ mile to Glen Park Canyon – a 70 acre city park with hiking trails and wildlife (owls, coyotes and more!). • Great restaurants. Over 25 restaurants within 1/2 mile. (French, Japanese, Italian, Chinese, American, Thai, Mediterranean, more)   • Wonderful markets (Canyon Market /Whole Foods),  produce markets, book stores, cleaners, pet supplies, cute shops, yoga studios, several major bank ATMs (Wells Fargo, Chase, Bank of America) and more...all easy walking distance from the apartment.