16 minute walk to the Bart . A 3 minute walk to the muni train .  Restaurants close by . .
Active neighborhood with trails and clean air aplenty.
Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Harding Park Golf Course, Lake Merced are within short distance. Adjacent to Harding Park Golf Course and Lake Merced Convenient to BART and Muni Convenient to Hwys 280 and 101 15 minutes to San Francisco International Airport(SFO): about $35-40 by taxi. Lyft line or Uber maybe cheaper than $35. Walking distance to San Francisco State University Shopping center(Macys and Nordstrom) is very near(within 3 minutes drive or 20 minutes walk).  Restaurnats are near in the shoping mall and food court is also located in the near shopping center.
Great quiet place 2 miles from the beach, 20 minutes from down town by muni
Harding Park Golf Course and Lake Merced in short distance Convenient to BART and Muni Convenient to Hwys 280 and 101 15 minutes to San Francisco International Airport(SFO): about $40 by taxi Walking distance to San Francisco State University
I
It is a park-like neighborhood located next to the biggest natural habitat of San Francisco. Convenient public transportation to downtown SF for only 20 mins.
It's a quiet and safe neighborhood. It's also very close to Stones Town galleria which I've mentioned. The neighbors are very nice and friendly, also some places that are fairly to see would be the cliff house. Fun fact: it used to be 3 stories but it burnt down twice.  The sunsets are really nice at ocean beach and there is a really nice hiking trail near there at lands end which you can see the Golden Gate Bridge. It's always nice to be in flip flops at the beach Although if that's not to your taste, you could always rent a car or take an uber or lyft downtown to see the fisherman's wharf. Or just the tall buildings that are just stunning.
It's a quiet space. The Muni is right up the hill. Grocery store is not to far away. The mall is down the street.
Just steps away from San Francisco State university, your stay is in a more residential and family friendly part of SF.
Lakeshore is a very unique community which encompass the north side of Lake Merced.  Harding Park Golf Course, SF Zoo, Stern Grove Concert Meadow (Music Festival runs every Sunday afternoon from 1 pm - 4 pm from June through late August), Ocean Beach, Stonestown Galleria and SF State U are all in a walking distance.  Nearby movie theaters include stonstown theater and Daly City Century.  Shan Tung Chinese restaurant at Irving street & 12th avenue was survey nominated No.1 Chinese take out restaurant in the U.S. in 2013.
Lakeshore is a very unique neighborhood which encompass the north side of Lake Merced.  Harding Park Golf Course, SF Zoo, Stern Grove Concert Meadow (Music Festival runs every Sunday afternoon from 1 pm - 4 pm from June through late August), Ocean Beach, Stonestown Galleria and SF State U are all in a walking distance.  Nearby movie theaters include stonstown United Artist and Daly City Century.  Shan Tung Chinese restaurant at Irving street & 12th avenue was survey nominated No.1 Chinese take out restaurant in the U.S. in 2013.
Lots of great local restaurants and shopping in near by West Portal, Lakeside Village and Stonestown Galleria. Local outdoor areas include: Historic Stern Grove is a full outdoor recreation complex with athletic fields, courts, a children’s playground. Play tennis or croquet, pitch horseshoes or toss a Frisbee. Walk or jog around Pine Lake, (URL HIDDEN) Lake Merced, a large freshwater lake in San Francisco’s southwestern corner, is the heart of a 614-acre park that is popular with boaters, hikers, bicyclists, and birdwatchers. A 4.5-mile paved trail circles the lake’s perimeter; facilities include many picnic areas and a boathouse, fishing pier, and boat launch. The park is bounded by three golf courses, including City-owned Harding Park. (URL HIDDEN) Fort Funston which features 200 foot high sandy bluffs on San Francisco’s southwest coast where the winds blow reliably wildly. No surprise it is one of the premier hang-gliding spots in the country. A network of trails make it ideal for 
Merced Manor is a neighborhood in southwestern San Francisco, between Stern Grove and Lake Merced. It is bordered by 19th Avenue (State Route 1) to the east, Sloat Boulevard to the north, 26th Avenue to the west and Eucalyptus Drive to the south. Lowell High School is located on Eucalyptus Drive, and the Merced Manor reservoir is on Sloat between 22nd and 23rd Avenues. The Stonestown Galleria shopping mall and San Francisco State University are both on 19th Avenue to the south of Merced Manor. This location makes it one of the best places to reside in San Francisco. Always a great place to come back to after a busy day of sightseeing or working. Merced Manor is surrounded by a variety of restaurants, shops and two pro golf courses.
Minutes to San Francisco, minutes to the beach and directly in front of Lake Merced
Nice student residential area.
One of the lovely things about the Lake Merced area is its proximity to nature. Located across the street form a lake and within walking distance of several golf courses, there is no shortage of outdoor activities at one's finger-tips. Whether you like to take a day to practice that golf swing, get some exercise by walking around the lake, or go on a hike along the ocean cliffs, all of these amenities are literally within 5-10 minutes of the apartment. In addition, the San Francsico Zoo is also a 5 minute drive from the apartment and accessible on foot as well, and there are two malls (Stonestown Galleria and Westlake Shopping Center in Daly City) within 1.5 miles of the apartment.
Our neighborhood is quiet with many convenient comforts. We are walking distance to bus lines and muni metro (trains), Ocean Beach, Lake Merced, the zoo, Stern Grove and other parks too. We are a short bus ride to Golden Gate Park. We love it here and hope you do too.
Our neighborhood is within walking distance to Lake Merced where you can take a nice walk or jog around the lake.  Don't forget to stop and feed the birds! Any maybe you'll even get lucky to see the Dragon Boats race by!  Three golf courses and Fort Funston or Ocean Beach are at your beck and call!  West Portal is a cute section of the city that you should see which is just a short hop away. Lots of fun, delicious restaurants to choose from!
Overlooking Lake Merced and the Olympic Club Golf Course, it is conveniently located in close proximity to downtown San Francisco, San Francisco International Airport, San Francisco State University and just minutes from 101 and 280 freeways. Ocean Beach, the historic Cliff House, and many more places are a pleasant stroll away. Less then 2 minutes from 2 major shopping centers; Stonetown Galleria, Westlake Shopping Center and Lakeshore Plaza as well as the Daly City BART station.
Park Merced happens to be one of the quietest neighborhoods in the San Francisco area. It is a small suburb at the entrance of San Francisco without all the hassle of traffic. Here you will enjoy the beauty of a rare quiet San Francisco neighborhood.
Park Plaza Fine Foods and Trader Joe's are nearby grocery stores which are a mile away from you. Stonestown Galleria is a shopping mall, which is also a mile away from you. Lakemerced which is a fresh water lake surrounded by three golf courses is just 15 steps away from the house where people walk in the mornings - a great amenity for the locals. The birds are a joy to see and there are always a few people fishing. You can finish your walk with a coffee in the restaurant at Harding Park Golf Club - such a lovely location overlooking the lake. The restrooms at the car park have just been renovated and they are beautifully clean.
Parkmerced is one of the biggest housing complexes in the West. It gets really quiet, unless SF State students are going on vacation and throw parties. Lucky, my neighbors are not loud.
Super quiet and nice neighborhood.  Mostly elder people or family reside here
The apartment is part of a complex but located in a quiet area surrounded by plenty of nature: 3 big golf courses, beautiful Lake Merced 4.7mi in circumference great for walking/jogging/biking, picnic areas, hiking, beach, surfing, hang gliding (all just minutes out the door).  The closest commercial area is 1.5miles away.    Located 15mins from SFO airport, close to Great Highway (Cliff House/Beach Chalet), 280 and 101 freeways, 20mins drive to downtown, and SF State University.
The lake is basically my front yard. Running, biking, walking, bird watch, people watch, its all at your finger tips from my spot. Ocean beach and our Zoo is directly next door as well. The outdoor life in the city.  There is a Safeway, Ross, Home Depot, Luckys, and various restaurants nearby as well.
The neighborhood is very clean and easy to get around
Very family friendly.
Walking distance to thornton and ocean beach, fort funston, san francisco zoo. Lakeviews throughout.
We are located in a quite, family friendly location.  There is a plenty of free parking around the house.  You will find various shopping malls, grocery stores and movie theaters within walking distance.  There is a lake withing 5-7 min walking that is very popular for biking and running, it's a 4.5 miles loop.  A few minutes of driving or 15-20 min of walking will take you to the Zoo and the Pacific Ocean with great surfing . But if you prefer golf, there is a great golf course also within walking distance.  Very close to the house there are numerous ethnic restaurants, including Indian, Middle eastern, Greek, Chinese, Peruvian and others . On Sundays you can walk to the abundant California Farmer's Market. We are located near Stern Grove park . If you are staying with us during the Summer you can attend(walk) incredibly popular free concerts on Sundays that are held from mid-June to mid-August, Stern Grove Festival.   You will be able to see not only the best San Francisco artists su
sdfsdf
stonestown shoppingmall近い 電車駅まで徒歩4分