* Many bars/restaurants/movies/shopping walking distanc(URL HIDDEN)Union St, Fillmore St (2 blocks), Chestnut St (4 blocks) * Golden Gate Park - 10 min bus/cab, or 20 min jog away  * San Francisco Bay and Beautiful Fort Mason - 8 block(URL HIDDEN)Great for Jogging - Walking * Ghirardelli Square - 5 min cab * Fisherman's Wharf - 8 min cab
1 block from the water, you won't find a prettier location in SF. ~3 blocks to one of the best streets in the city for dining, bars, etc.
1.5 blocks to prime Chestnut Street (restaurants, shops, yoga, Gap, Apple Store, Walgreens, etc.)  2.5 blocks from Union Street (restaurants, shops, yoga)
1.5 blocks to prime Chestnut Street (restaurants, shops, yoga, Gap, Apple Store, Walgreens, etc.) 2.5 blocks from Union Street (restaurants, shops, yoga)
A dreamy neighborhood on the edge of the bay, the Marina entices shoppers, diners, and picnickers to crowd its boutique-lined streets and hilly green space. Offering unmatched views of the Golden Gate Bridge and front row seats to witness the water's ferocity.  The Marina district's Chestnut Street is busy with window browsers by day and bar hoppers by night.  The Palace of Fine Arts is a gem that anyone can appreciate.
A dreamy neighborhood on the edge of the bay, the Marina entices shoppers, diners, and picnickers to crowd its boutique-lined streets and hilly green space. Offering unmatched views of the Golden Gate Bridge and front row seats to witness water's ferocity, this high-end haunt can be a bit intimidating. Sporting a come-hither type of trendiness, the Marina is busy with window browsers by day and bar hoppers by night. Marina is bordered by Fisherman's Wharf, Cow Hollow, Russian Hill, Pacific Heights, and Presidio
A truly great location that is safe and convenient. Close to fantastic shopping, restaurants, breweries, wine tasting, Coit Tower, Ghiradhelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Embarcadero, the Marina Green, Fort Mason, and so many more.
ATM There is an ATM at the corner market on Vallejo and Van Ness. There is also a Bank of America ATM on Polk Street between Green and Union Streets (adjacent to the Reverb Restaurant). Polk and Union Streets have great restaurants, cafes, shops, etc.!  Polk Street Our favorite restaurants, coffee shops, etc. on Polk Street are:   Lord Stanley,  Belcampo (also a sustainably raised butcher shop),  Reverb,  Craftsman and Wolves, La Folie Lounge,  Gioia Pizzeria,  Blue Barn,  1760, and  Spinnerie.   Coffee/Breakfast  Starbucks - located at the corner of Vallejo and Polk.  Peets - located on the west side of the street on Polk near Broadway. Crave – located at the corner of Vallejo and Polk Streets. Polkers – located on Polk between Vallejo and Green Streets. Food Shopping Real Food Company- on Polk between Vallejo and Broadway.   Cheese Plus - specialty food shop with great sandwiches further south on Polk - at the corner of Polk and Pacific. Belcampo-sustainably raised meats.  At the cor
All my friends love this area - and I suspect you will too.  There are lots of cute shops, restaurants, wine bars, movie theaters and sports bars nearby.
Although the home itself is truly stunning, the location might be the best part. When traveling to San Francisco it is hard to find a great spot in the middle of all the action. At our home you can walk to Blu Fog Market, take a stroll in Allyne park, trek the 10 miles to Lombard Street, or venture just a mile to Fisherman's Wharf for some chowder and people watching. The Giant's Stadium is just 3 miles away as is the historic Mission neighborhood. Our home is idyllic- just minutes from everything in the city by the bay! This was formerly the home of historic photographer and San Francisco legend Dorothea Lang. 
Amazing Cow Hollow neighborhood - just a few blocks to Presidio, Chestnut Street, Union Street, Fillmore Street, the Marina, Crissy Field, great restaurants, and bars.
Architecture, ocean breezes, food and walkability.
Arguably the best neighborhood in San Francisco. Great weather, walking distance to great boutique shopping, restaurants, movie theatre, coffee, bars & more. Located just a few blocks from the beautiful palace of fine arts and one block from the water. Five minute drive to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Arguably the best neighborhood in San Francisco. Very upscale and sophisticated area. Great weather, walking distance to great boutique shopping, restaurants, movie theaters, bars & more. Located just a few blocks from the beautiful Palace of Fine Arts and one block from the water. Five minute drive to the Golden Gate Bridge and 8-10 minutes from Sausalito.
Bars, Restaurants, Shopping, Gyms, Parks. This area is located in one of the most sought after spots in San Francisco. There is a little bit of everything here, for whatever your needs are. 
Best street in SF.  Super safe. Vibrant. Quiet during the work week, active during weekends.  Saturday and Sunday everybody is out walking, shopping,  cafes.  Like Yoga or Spinning?  This is your street.  Also tons of boutique shops and eateries.
Centrally located in Cow Hollow, our apartment has great appeal & is w/in walking distance of all the restaurants & shops on Union & Chestnut Streets.
Chestnut Street and Union Street are two great shopping/dining spots nearby. And the Presidio, at the western end of Lombard Street, is a beautiful place to run or walk and take in views of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Chrissy fields, Marina greens, palace of fine arts, and chestnut shops are short walking distances. Very quiet location not near any street traffic.
Clean, beautiful, and one of the best locations in San Francisco. 
Close to great restaurants, coffee shops, market, one of the top butcher shops in the bay area, restaurants, shopping, bars, clubs, Golden Gate Bridge, Palace of Fine Arts, short bus or taxi ride to Fisherman's Wharf. By the way - the neighborhood is extremely safe. Parking on the weekends, within a few blocks.
Cow Hollow is definitely one of the most highly sought-after areas for professionals working downtown and for young families. It is very pleasant and sunny during the day, with great shopping and restaurants. It becomes even more vibrant in the evening and over the weekend. The main corridors of activity are Union street and Fillmore street. Nearby areas include Polk street in Russian Hill, and Chestnut street in the Marina, a short stroll away.
Cow Hollow is one of San Francisco's finest neighborhoods along side Russian Hill where the are many places to go.
Cow Hollow, which lies between Pacific Heights and The Marina, is ideal for those familiar with San Francisco and those new to it. It is known for being clean, safe and central. Historic Union and Fillmore Streets, which offer some of the best shopping, dining, and nightlife in The City, are literally steps from our door. Also just minutes from us are: The Presidio/Crissy Field, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, and the various "Hills" - Nob, Telegraph & Russian. At the bottom of our block, you can catch a bus (or a taxi) to all of the above plus Union Square/downtown, Chinatown, AT&T Park, SoMa, theaters, multiple BART stations, The Ferry Building Marketplace - virtually anywhere in The City. With Marin County, Oakland/Berkeley, the Napa & Sonoma Valleys, Santa Cruz, Stinson Beach, and the Sierra Nevadas also nearby, there's enough to do for a lifetime of visits.
Cow Hollow/Marina is an amazing place to be. It is near Union Street shops and restaurants, Marina, Exploratorium and famous Lombard Street. (website hidden)_desc=union+street+cafe&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA#l=p:CA:San_Francisco::Marina/Cow_Hollow (website hidden)_desc=union+street+cafe&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA#find_desc=union+street+restaurant&l=p:CA:San_Francisco::Marina/Cow_Hollow
Direct from the Airbnb website: "A dreamy neighborhood on the edge of the bay, the Marina entices shoppers, diners, and picnickers to crowd its boutique-lined streets and hilly green space. Offering unmatched views of the Golden Gate Bridge and front row seats to witness water’s ferocity, this high-end haunt can be a bit intimidating. Sporting a come-hither type of trendiness, the Marina is busy with window browsers by day and bar hoppers by night."
Easy access to all forms of transportation.  Walking distance to library, laundromat, coffee shops, restaurants,food shopping and clothing stores. Fort Mason is just down the street.  Crissy Field (a runner's dream) is walking distance.  Everything you could possibly need is available 
Easy access to the Presidio, Union Street, Russian Hill, Coit Tower, Golden Gate Bridge, Sausalito, the Marina, Ft. Mason & Aquatic Harbor, Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf. Great selection of restaurants & shops within a 5 minute walk from our home.  Zipcar location just up the street or call Uber for a chauffeur driven car within minutes. North Beach is just an 8 minute drive from our door. Bicycle rentals nearby should you want to venture over the bridge to Sausalito for lunch. 
Enjoy coffee on Chestnut Street in the morning. Take a morning jog or stroll along Marina Green and Crissy Field or enjoy the fabulous views from Aquatic Park and Ghirardelli Square. Dine at one of the numerous world-class restaurants on Chestnut or Union streets and shop in the one-of-a-kind boutiques. If it's Friday, visit the ever popular food trucks in Fort Mason for dinner or shop for local organic produce at the amazing farmers market on a Sunday morning. The Marina district has it all. Relax or have an adventurous day, while enjoying easy access (walking, public transportation, Uber) to the rest of this beautiful city. City maps provided upon arrival.
Everything is only steps away!  Shops, Dining (over 50 restaurants within 3 blocks), Nightlife, Ocean Beaches, Beach running/walking/cycling path to Golden Gate Bridge, Movie Theaters, Cafes, Groceries, Banks, Cleaners, Gyms, etc.
Everything you need is steps away! Coffee, fresh food, restaurants and nature. The presidio is a short walk and filled with all kinds of things including hiking, restaurants and Lucas Films where you can check out the Yoda fountain.
Fisherman's wharf is just a 5 minute walk and crooked street is 4 blocks away. Heart of Marina district is also only 5 minute walk. Drive to North beach in 5 minutes and 15 minutes to reach Mascone center.
Flat and very close to everything you need.   Pizza place, Final Final bar, small market, Starbucks all within 1-2 blocks walking.  1.5 blocks to the Presidio and the Lucas Arts campus. 10 min walk to Chrissy Field passing the Palace of Fine Arts on the walk.
Great location in the fun, beautiful, quiet, safe Marina district. Close to the Presidio Park, the Beaches and buzzing Chestnut Street with restaurants, boutiques, bars, deli's, banks, theater's, bookshops, cafe's, post office and much more..
Great shopping, food, and bars. Also close to the Marina Greens and Ocean. Crissy Field and the Golden Gate is the closet beach. The neighborhood is very clean and safe.
Ideally located on Baker Street, you will be steps away from: - Palace of Fine Arts / Exploratorium - Crissy Field, a Golden Gate National Park - Marina Green - San Francisco Yacht Club - Golden Gate Bridge - Lombard Street - Union and Chestnut Street, world class shopping and dining - Excellent running trails You will also be within miles of:  - Fisherman's Warf, Pier 39, Cable Cars, Alcatraz - Museums: San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Legion of Honor, de Young Museum and the California Academy of Sciences  - Coit Tower, Lombard Street, Financial District, Ferry Building - AT&T Park, home of the 2010 & 2012 World Series Champs - Presidio Golf Course, Harding Park Golf Course - Haight/Ashbury and Chinatown  - Vibrant music scene of the Fillmore District - Sausalito, just over the GG bridge in Marin County - Exceptional hiking trails For out-of-city adventures, you will be approximately a 1-1.5 hour car ride to Napa Valley, Sonoma Valley, Stinson Beach, Point Reyes National Seashore 
In Pacific Heights, a storied San Francisco neighborhood that boasts striking and historic architecture at every turn.
In the heart of the Marina neighborhood. Within 2-5 blocks you will have 40+ restaurants and bars, 3 grocery stores, 2 movie theaters, 2 yoga studios, 3 gyms, 2 drug stores, and arguably the best running/biking path in the US (Marina Blvd). You're also be within walking distance (1mi) to Cow Hollow, Russian Hill, Fisherman's Wharf (Ghirardelli Square), The Presidio and Pacific Heights.
Just steps from the bustling scene of restaurant, bar and boutique filled Chestnut and Union Streets, you will fall in love with the location of this apartment. Moments from the front door, enjoy a stroll along San Francisco's spectacular bay... continue through Crissy Field as you take in the iconic sight of the Golden Gate Bridge. NorCal's finest is at your fingertips with easy access to Wine Country and beyond.  Its just a short cab or bus ride to all of SF's unique neighborhoods including North Beach, Union Square, Hayes Valley, Mission, Haight, Cole Valley, Downtown/Ferry Building.
Link to great article of things to do and top places to go- (URL HIDDEN)
Lively, young, safe, close to parks, shopping, premier dining and the waterfront.
Located across from Fort Mason and close walking distance to Crissy Field, Aquatic Park, Ghiradelli Square, and Fisherman's Wharf. Walk to the fun shopping streets of Chestnut Street and Union Street for boutique stores, cafes, bars and restaurants of all price ranges and cuisine offerings.
Located in the Cow Hollow neighborhood walking distance from cafes, restaurants, boutiques on both Union St. and Chestnut St. Close to park, playground and the Marina Greens.
Located in the heart of Marina district right by famous Marina Green and Crissy Fields. You do not need a car. Walk two blocks to Chestnut Street to some of the best restaurants in SF, grocery stores, bakeries, ice cream shops, boutiques, cafes, movie theaters, gyms, apple store, and a great night life. You will be walking/biking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39, Palace of Fine Arts, Presidio, Fort Mason, Ferry building with its amazing Saturday farmers market, and of course, Golden Gate Bridge.  You will also be walking distance to some other great neighborhoods such as Cow Hollow, Pacific Heights, and Fillmore.  Catch a nearby Muni bus to take you to North Beach, Chinatown, Downtown, Financial District, and Golden Gate Park. Two blocks from the house , on marina green waterfront , free public parking from 6 am till 10 pm. Two blocks from the house on Chestnut  WF parking lot  that charges $13 , from 6pm till 8 am, for overnight parking. the address is 87 Cervantes  The door 
Located in the heart of San Francisco (the area is one of SF's most popular local hangouts), three blocks from the bay (America's Cup) and the spectacular Marina Green; and 2 blocks from great night life and restaurants (Chestnut St.), this apartment is your home away from home. You literally have access to everything within a 5 block walking radius: a 24 hour Walgreens, a yoga studios, gym, butcher shop, grocery store, pharmacy, not to mention some of the top restaurant, bars and shopping in this part of the city. You are also walking distance away from Golden Gate Bridge (3 Block), Palace of Fine Arts (1 Block), Fort Mason (6 blocks) and Fishermen’s Wharf (.5 miles).
Location and views make this a spectacular place for fun, work, or both. 
Many shopes on Chestnut street, beautiful bay a block away, gorgeous marina drive, fort mason, bike rentals and many more outside awesome activities.
Marina District - close to shopping and restaurants, parks, beach, water, fisherman's wharf, embarcadero, ferry building, best location in SF period.
Marina. It's one of the hippest neighborhood in SF.
My condo is on the border of Cow Hollow and the Marina.   Just one block from Chestnut - three blocks from Union - several more blocks to Polk Street.   Short walk to the water, Ft. Mason, and Crissy Field Restaurants, boutiques, sports bars, and shops just a couple of blocks away.
Noise is not allowed after 11 at night.
One of the most beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco.
Our location in the Marina puts you close to many of San Francisco's best attractions.  Walk one block to the bay and all along the Marina Green and Crissy Field to the Golden Gate Bridge.  Or walk in the opposite direction to Aquatic Park, Fisherman's Wharf, and Pier 39.  A few blocks away is the local commercial area with charming shops, restaurants, bars, and coffee shops.  If you need help with maps or information about attractions or public transportation, we are happy to provide it.
Pacific Heights/Cow Hollow/Union Street.  Many great shops and restaurants.  Very safe.  Fantastic Spot!
Perfectly located in the triangle between Cow Hollow, the Marina, and Russian Hill. Three of SF's main shopping and dining streets, Union-, Chestnut-, and Polk Street are all within walking distance. Some of the most beautiful views of the city, including the Golden Gate bridge and the bay, can be seen from Fort Mason park, which is just around the corner.  The beautiful Presidio park is also nearby.
Presidio, Crissy Field, Palace of Fine Arts, Lyon Street steps, Union Street, Chestnut Street in any direction you walk
Prime location! Walking distance to most touristic sites, Lombard St (crooked section 3 block away), Fort Mason, the Marina, Palace of Fine Arts, Fisherman's wharf, Pier 39, Coit tower, Chrissy field, little Italy.  Central location for nightlife, bars and restaurants: walking distance to Chestnut St, Polk St and Union St.
Prime location! Walking distance to most touristic sites, Lombard St (crooked section 3 block away), Fort Mason, the Marina, Palace of Fine Arts, Fisherman's wharf, Pier 39, Coit tower, Chrissy field, little Italy. Central location for nightlife, bars and restaurants: walking distance to Chestnut St, Polk St and Union St.
Quite simply, it's all about the location, and the Marina is one of the most coveted places in an amazing City.  This district is the most convenient, most centrally located area in San Francisco.  The Marina is trendy and upscale -- yet offers  a local San Francisco neighborhood feeling- -  away from tourists.  You can spend an entire week without leaving the Marina and the immediate area:  walking distance to the Bay, the Golden Gate Bridge, the Palace of Fine Arts, The Presidio, and both Union Street and Chestnut commercial districts.  Stroll to dozens of restaurants at all price points make this a culinary hotspot in a very culinary-obsessed City!
Restaurants and World Class Attractions ----> Walking Distance!
Restaurants, shopping, bars all 2 blocks away; Fort Mason 2 blocks away, Golden Gate Bridge less than a mile away, and bus lines right in front to take you all over the city and beyond.
Right on the corner of Van Ness and Chestnut this provides walkable distance to the Water and down Chestnut street to some of SF's best restaurants and bars.
Safe, great for families.  Lot happening in the area.  All walking distance. Almost everything you need is walking distance: centrally located. 3 blocks to Chestnut St. Banks, shops, restaurants, cafes apple store.  Another 5 minutes walk to Union St shops. 3 blocks north is the marina green & yacht club.   6 blocks east is Safeway, Fort Mason 6 blocks west to the Palace of fine arts & the presidio park, Lucasfilm,etc...
San Francisco has the country's most energetic and creative food culture, and Chestnut and Union Streets—each a 3-minute walk from our home—are at the forefront of that culture. (The tuna tartare tostada at Tacolicious—don't be fooled by the lowbrow name!—is a truly perfect dish.) Bon appetit!
So many great things about this neighborhood: shops, food,bars, beaches, Golden Gate Bridge,  all within walking distance.  Bring walking shoes ! Plus if you don't want to walk up the hills, no need.  It's pretty flat in the immediate neighborhood however, sooner or later if you're walking or driving you will have to conquer the hills.  Filbert St. was listed in the Guinness book of World Records as the steepest street in the world, no kidding.  But that is over towards North Beach.
Staying in the Marina is the perfect location for all the best activities.  Easy access to Chestnut St, Union St, Fisherman's Wharf, biking on Crissy Field and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Steps away from a multitude of restaurants, shopping, the park, Golden Gate bridge, Van Ness and a cab or bus ride away from downtown San Francisco.
Sunny weekend days are truly dreamy in the Marina, especially down by the water which we are just blocks from.  As far as Chestnut and Union are concerned (both within walking distance), just follow this motto: Any day is a good day for shopping; any night, a good night for dining.  You will never be at a loss for activities!  Within walking distance you can take a lovely stroll to Chrissy Field and walk along the beach while viewing the Golden Gate Bridge, hike through the Presidio, bring a picnic to the Palace of Fine Arts, or catch the Farmers' Market at Fort Mason!
Super convenient walking access to all the best San Francisco attractions with a walk score of 95.
Technically Cow Hollow - between the Marina and Pacific Heights - extremely safe, kid-friendly, clean neighborhood.  Everything is at your fingertips! You won't have to leave a 1 mile radius to get many things.  For most needs: Walgreen's is a 10 min walk away and Whole Foods is a 5 min drive (1.2 miles).  For food, drink and shopping: Some food recommendations: Umami Burger - a burger chain out of LA that has gourmet burgers, great truffle cheese, and beer. Great for groups! Illy Cafe a block away has wonderful coffee. Pressed Juicery has fantastic, healthy pressed juices that are pretty affordable. For desserts, Susie Cakes has the BEST cakes.  Health nut? Equinox gym and Soulcycle are ONE block away. Looking for brunch? Home Plate and The Brixton are a few blocks away, but I personally love Mama's in North Beach (1.5 miles away). :) All other businesses like shops, boutiques and more on Chestnut St and Union St are also blocks away. Marina/Cow Hollow is VERY easy to get to Fisherman
The Cow Hollow area is surrounded by some of the best neighborhoods for shopping, dining, walking ... just across Van Ness is the Polk St area, then a bit further west is Pacific Heights with some of the most fantastic homes in all of San Francisco.  More to the north (toward the Golden Gate bridge), you'll find the Marina and Chestnut street, Crissy Field and the Golden Gate Bridge ... What I've always loved about living in this neighborhood is the variety of people you meet - it has the energy of the young people, the stability of the longer term residents and always exciting restaurants, shopping or just sitting on my front steps in the sun!
The Marina / Cow Hollow district is one of the most vibrant neighborhoods in the city, with endless shops, bars, and restaurants along both Union Street and Chestnut Street.  Our apartment is right in the middle of the action but nicely tucked away from the main thoroughfares.
The Marina District has a active & friendly atmosphere with the water so close, you will often find people exercising, walking dogs & playing on the beach (weather permitting.)  It also has the sophistication of hosting some of the top restaurants, bars and cafes in city. 
The Marina District has an active and friendly atmosphere. With the water so close, you will often find people exercising, walking dogs & playing on the beach (weather permitting). It also has the sophistication of hosting some of the top restaurants, bars and cafes in city.
The Marina District has an active and friendly atmosphere. With the water so close, you will often find people exercising, walking dogs, and playing on the beach (weather permitting). It also has the sophistication of hosting some of the top restaurants, bars and cafes in the city.
The Marina District has it all!
The Marina District is a young, upscale waterfront neighborhood packed with stores, restaurants and outdoor marvels. The bay, yacht clubs, Golden Gate Bridge, Palace of Fine Art, Crissy Field, the Presidio, George Lucas Digital Arts Center, Chestnut and Union Streets surround the Marina. Along the bayfront, you can play frisbee, watch world class sail-borders, kite-surfers, volleyball players, or walk along the water front. Many bike ride along the waterfront and across the Golden Gate Bridge. The Lyon Street Stairs are a fav for runners. Fort Mason with its Farmer's Market, Art Gallery and Greens Restaurant are within walking or biking.
The Marina District is considered one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco. The Marina is considered sunny, safe, clean and close to all; the apartment is 1 block away to Chestnut St which has great restaurant/bars/shops.  This is a paradise for runners or anyone that likes the beach...Crissy Fields is 5 minutes away. It has a beautiful beach and you can jog to the Golden Gate bridge in less than 30 minutes. This is a popular path along the water with breathtaking views of the bay, GG Bridge and Alcatraz Safeway is less than a 10 minute walk but there are also amazing bakeries and restaurants a block away. There are two movie theaters on the street, a Walgreens and an Apple store. This is a very convenient location.
The Marina District is considered one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco. The Marina is considered sunny, safe, clean and close to all; the apartment is 1 block away to Chestnut St which has great restaurant/bars/shops. This is a paradise for runners or anyone that likes the beach...Crissy Fields is 5 minutes away. It has a beautiful beach and you can jog to the Golden Gate bridge in less than 30 minutes. This is a popular path along the water with breathtaking views of the bay, GG Bridge and Alcatraz Safeway is less than a 10 minute walk but there are also amazing bakeries and restaurants a block away. There are two movie theaters on the street, a Walgreens and an Apple store. This is a very convenient location.
The Marina district is one of the most vibrant districts in San Francisco. This upscale neighborhood has access to many of the sightseeing must see's to include Palace of the Fine Arts, access to walking or biking over the Golden Gate Bridge as well a few blocks from the beach at Chrissy Field. A few blocks more to Ghirardelli Square & Fisherman's Wharf where you can enjoy all San Francisco has to offer. Chestnut Street, as well as Union & Polk Streets are hot spots for shopping, dining and nightlife. Lot's of cafe's for a morning coffee, bistro's for lunch and of course some of the most well known chefs in the world!
The Marina district of San Francisco has all sorts of shops and restaurants and it is a very safe neighborhood. Also, my place is walking distance to Chrissy field, Fort Mason, Palace of Fine Arts, The Golden Gate Bridge, Lombard Street, Fisherman's Wharf and Union and Chestnut streets for eating and shopping. 
The Marina has 
The Marina has dozens of restaurants, bars, cafes, an Apple store and dozens of other stores for shopping. It is also very clean and very safe.
The Marina in SF is known for it's liveliness and beautiful access to beaches, greenery, and many more.  Our apartment is just minutes from the beach and a few miles (great run) to the Golden Gate Bridge.
The Marina is a desirable locations, easy to walk around.  Great restaurants on Chestnut Street which is 3 blocks away. Palace of Fine Arts just down the street; Crissy Field 2 blocks away; beach 2 blocks away.  Presidio is very close and offers picnic areas, hikes, restaurants, beach.
The Marina is a gorgeous area and there is always so much going on nearby. Check out the shops on Union Street and down on Chestnut for unique gifts, or head over to Fort Mason for Food Truck Friday or any of the other events happening throughout the year.  A stroll along the water to Crissy Field is perfect for people and boat watching, or if you're in the mood for a hike, the Presidio is full of hidden trails.
The Marina is a great neighborhood. You are walking distance to good food and wine, shopping and nature. It is near the water, the Golden Gate bridge (which makes for quick trips to Napa and Sonoma!) and it has a beautiful setting for outdoor activities - from the Marina Green to the Presidio. There is a even a decent surf spot under the bridge, and the bay is really nice for any kite surfing!
The Marina is a well-kept area, a zip code with young professionals and families.  With easy Golden Gate Bridge access, the waterfront paths and outdoor fitness facilities are awesome for exercise.  Need a bite to eat?  The retail haven of Chestnut Street (4 block walk) have got you covered with everything from sushi, pizza, bagels, salads, juice, tacos, teriyaki, and even an Apple Store, Gap, and Walgreens.
The Marina is an adorable SF neighborhood. Chestnut Street is just 4 blocks away- and that's where the best restaurants, fun bars, boutiques, etc. are located. Super hip, completely walkable. Plus, the golden gate bridge is just down the street!
The Marina is beautiful. The bay and beaches are easy walking distance, there are 100+ restaurants, shops, and bars within a 1-mile radius of our home, and there's a huge park with playgrounds, tennis courts, and baseball fields right across the street. It's paradise.
The Marina is one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco with the restaurants and nightlife of Chestnut and Union and bordered by the Bay and Golden Gate Bridge on the other side - you can spend all week here and still not do everything!
The Marina is one of the best neighborhoods in this amazing city.  Chestnut street is a 2 minute walk from the front door and will give you a wide range of restaurants, bars, shopping, and other services.  Union street is about a 10 minute walk which offers a similar experience.  The San Francisco Bay is a short 10 minute walk allowing you to enjoy everything spanning from the Golden Gate bridge to Fisherman's Wharf.  Downtown is a mere $7 cab ride.
The Marina is one of the best neighborhoods in this amazing city.  Walk to Crissy Field to fly a kite and enjoy the unbeatable views. Around the corner is Chestnut Street, with a wide range of restaurants, bars, shopping, and other services.  Also within walking distance are the Palace of Fine Arts, Fort Mason, Park Presidio, Golden Gate Bridge, North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, and much, much more! The Marina offers easy access to the entire city and beyond SF via public transportation, though you could spend your whole visit enjoying all that this neighborhood has to offer!
The Marina is one of the most desirable areas in San Francisco.  It is located one block from Union Street and one block from Fillmore close to all the shops, restaurants, bars, and salons.
The Marina is one of the most stunningly beautiful neighborhoods of San Francisco. Our house is minutes away from the newest and coolest restaurants, coffee shops and nightlife. It's also just three blocks away from the waterfront where you'll enjoy a nice stroll in the Crissy Field, the nicest views of the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz and lots of sailing during the weekends.
The Marina is the best area in San Francisco.  I choose to live here and you should choose to stay there.  Amazing shopping and food within walking distance.  Anywhere you'd want to visit in the entire city is within a 30 minute bus ride or 15 minute taxi.
The Marina is the liveliest, sunniest neighborhood in San Francisco, complete with beach access, world class restaurants, yacht clubs, bars, coffee shops, movie theaters and shopping galore. People here are very active & there is fun nightlife too! Within walking distance on Chestnut street are wonderful markets such as Marina Super & Marina Meats and memorable restaurants such as A16, Delarosa, Ristobar & Tacolicious to name a few. If your in the mood for a special evening, there are a number of nearby Michelin star restaurants such as Atelier Creen, Gary Danko, Spruce, SPQR & State Bird Provisions.
The Marina is the northernmost district of San Francisco, perched on the tip of the peninsula and bordered by San Francisco Bay's beautiful coastline. The neighborhood is a wonderful meeting of pristine nature and urban culture. The Golden Gate Bridge, Crissy Field, the Marina yacht harbor, the Presidio and Fort Mason are all within walking distance. The trendy shopping districts of Chestnut St, Union St / Cow Hollow and Fillmore St offer world-class restaurants and shopping. We are also a short walk from popular destinations such as Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars, North Beach and the ferries to Alcatraz and Angel Island. 
The Marina was developed on the site of the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition. Marina Green, a grassy playground with stunning views of the Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco Bay, attracts joggers, sunbathers and kite fliers. The terracotta Palace of Fine Arts is home to the hands-on science museum, Exploratorium. Off Marina Boulevard, streets are dominated by grand stucco houses and flats. Chestnut Street brims with inviting stores, restaurants and watering holes.
The Marina/Cow Hollow is known to be one of the warmer neighborhoods in San Francisco with boutique shops and walking distance to so many attractions including Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Fort Mason, Palace of Fine Arts, The Marina Green, The Golden Gate Bridge and so much more!
The Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhood is one of the most charming, beautiful areas of San Francisco. Just a few blocks from wine bars, awesome restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, grocery stores, and the farmers market. Five minutes from Russian Hill, North Beach and Pacific Heights. 
The San Francisco Marina District is one of the most highly desired places to live, hands down.  The proximity to the Golden Gate Bridge, Crissy Field (and the beach), Marina Greens, Palace of Fine Arts, the Presidio and Fort Mason is so close that you can see them all within a short walk. I love being able to walk out my door and see these major SF attractions every day. Then for food, night life, and shopping... just take a short walk down to Chestnut Street, Fillmore Street, and/or Union Street. (Uber/taxis/bus/etc are all options, too). If you've been here, you need to read no more.  For those that haven't, you will have a unique and incredible experience discovering all of the places in and out of these streets in the Marina and Cow Hollow Districts. Welcome to our neighborhood!
The area has so much to offer beyond great food, fun and shops. The Presidio is a 15 minute walk away. The Marina Green and Golden Gate bridge are just a few steps further. Up the Hill in the other direction is Pacific Heights and downtown is a short bus ride away.
The close proximity to everything I love in San Francisco: restaurants, night life, culture, water, etc.
The home is in the center of all activities in San Francisco.  Walking distance from fine dining, trendy restaurants, high class boutiques, bars, and SF Parks.  Perfect for families looking for quiet time, but still want to be at the center of San Francisco.  Transportation is also easily accessible, only a 10 minute drive to the Marina Bay and SF Landmarks such as the Painted Ladies, Coit Tower, Fisherman's Wharf, Washington Square and more.
The location cannot be beat. We are situated within walking distance to both Polk street and Union street. Both streets are filled with shopping, restaurants and bars.
The location is fantastic. Shops, the bay, the bridge , beaches and more.  The Presidio and Ft. Mason are walking distance or a 3' drive.  Some mornings we can hear the seals barking from Pier 39.  Northbeach is about 15 blocks up a hill and down.  The Fillmore is about 15 blocks too, up and down another hill.  Definitely bring good walking shoes, even if you're Ubering around.
The location is perhaps the best in the city. You are an alley-way walk to the triangle bars in the Marina, two blocks off of Chestnut and two blocks off of Union. Bars, restaurants, shopping galore and you are an short Uber ride or Muni ride downtown. The Golden Gate is just a short walk away (see Crissy Field on (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)maps.)
The location of this apartment is truly ideal for anybody wanting easy access to the best parts of San Francisco. You are just 2 short blocks to a beautiful park overlooking the beautiful San Francisco bay. From here you have the the best possible views of  The Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and the impressive skyscraper skyline of the financial district. A 5 minute walk from your room in the opposite direction brings you to the restaurants, bars, cafes and shops of chestnut or union street while a 5 min walk to the north east brings you to the Fishermans Wharf and Ghiradelli square areas.  This area also offers direct access to all of the city's public transportation lines, even the cable cars! I'm happy to help you with any element of your vacation that you wish, but my guests privacy is the primary concern so please be proactive and let me know if there is anything you have questions about of which I could assist you with. Think of me as your on call personal concierge, available 24/
The marina (although hated by some) is by far the best area in the city for young people 20-35. With hotel prices and rent at all-time high prices - this is a steal.
The marina district of San Francisco is a bustling area with many shops, restaurants, and entertainment in walking distance.  Crissy Field and the Presidio are walking distance.  It's the perfect place for an outdoor enthusiast as there are many hiking trails and great famous running paths right outside your door.   This is suitable for children.  We live one block away from the Moscone recreation center, Marina Library, and Moscone playground.
The marina is one of the most desirable and convenient locations! Perfect for business and pleasure.
The neighborhood  is full of energy and activity. The park across the street has people walking through with their dogs, playing tennis, basketball, soccer, or picnicking with friends and family.  The high-end Chestnut/Steiner/Union restaurant areas are all within a 3-5 minute walk.  
The neighborhood is Cow Hollow, and this studio is located near the Gate of the Presidio. You can walk to the beach, and the Marina is just a bit further south.
The neighborhood is beautiful, quiet, friendly, sunny and light, located one block from the Palace of Fine Arts, St Francis Yacht Club, Crissy Field Beach (famous for windsurfing). My home is walking distance to the Golden Gate Bridge, Presidio Park, Walt Disney's museum, hiking trails, Fort Point, Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's wharf... This is one of the absolute best, happening & safest neighborhood in the city.  Few blocks away is a buzzing Chestnut Street, fun hospitable, sociable, area filled with cafes, bakeries, restaurants, bars, delis, market, banks, pharmacies, boutiques, theaters. The bus stops for transportation all over the city.
The neighborhood is bustling. Many of the cities best shops, bars and restaurants are right down the street, or walk 2 blocks either direction to enjoy Union Street and Chestnut Street. Wonderful parks nearby as well (Fort Mason, Chrissy Field, Marina Green all in walking distance). See the Guidebook for some of our favorite spots!
The neighborhood is great - the apartment is on the residential part of Lombard (no hotels or restaurants on the block) but there are tons of restaurants and bars just steps away. Cow Hollow, Russian Hill and the Marina are all within walking distance, as is Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, the Financial District, and Union Square. The apartment is very quiet at night so noise is not an issue. A lot of the best attractions that SF has to offer are quite close by; this includes: -Alcatraz Landing -Ferry Building -Lombard Street -Fisherman's Wharf -Coit Tower -Golden Gate Bridge -Hyde St. Cable Car
The neighborhood is in the safest neighborhood in the city and has a 93 walking score!
The neighborhood is on the flat so ideal for walking or biking (you may borrow my bike).  It is close to shopping, restaurants, parks, transportation, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) buses etc.  You will love it!
The neighborhood is quiet, but it's also a few blocks away from both the Marina Green and within a jog of the Golden Gate Bridge. Best part is you are 3 blocks from Chestnut Street which has some of the best restaurants and nightlife in the City plus grocery store, deli's coffee shops (you name it). Union Street is only 5 blocks away with more restaurants, nightlife and shopping. The apartment is 5 blocks from the Palace of Fine Arts which is a very pretty landmark. If you want to go to Fisherman's Warf - it's only a mile walk through Fort Mason. There are many easy bus-stops on Chestnut from which you can go anywhere in the City and it's also very easy to get a cab from Chestnut. The Marina is considered one of the prettiest neighborhoods in the City and you'll definitely find something you like to eat as it has every type of restaurant imaginable.
The neighborhood is quiet, friendly, sunny and light, located one block from the Palace of Fine Arts, the St Francis Yacht Club, Crissy Field Beach (famous for windsurfing) and is also walking distance to the Golden Gate Bridge, Presidio Park, Walt Disney's museum, hiking trails, Fort Point and Fisherman's wharf. This is one of the absolute best, safest neighborhood in the city.  Few blocks away are the buzzing Chestnut and Union Streets, fun friendly shopping areas filled with small family operated cafes, restaurants, bars, delis, market, banks, pharmacies, boutiques, theaters and bus stops for transportation all over the city.
The neighborhood is very unique. Staying at 2143 North Point you are in walking distance of some of the best sights in San Francisco: Golden Gate Bridge: Get a good look at the iconic span from the Presidio, then bundle up and walk over the water. (You can walk, bike)  Shop Cow Hollow and the Marina: Browse hip boutiques and lavish antiques shops on Union Street, Cow Hollow's main drag. Then head north to Chestnut Street. See Shopping List, Special Neighborhood Discounts- P Palace of Fine Arts: Bring a picnic to this movingly beautiful faux-Greek remnant of the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition and travel back in time to the city's post-earthquake-and-fire coming-out party. Crissy Field: Join jogging, cycling, and kitesurfing locals along this beautifully restored strip of sand and marshland where the bay laps the shore, a stone’s throw from the Golden Gate Bridge. Rock climbing gyms, swim clubs.  Presidio wanderings: Lace up your walking shoes and follow one of the wooded t
The neighborhood this apartment is located in is technically considered Cow Hollow/Marina, but it's literally on the border of Cow Hollow/Marina, Russian Hill, and Pacific Heights. All are extremely accessible by foot.
The one thing I love most about this place is the location! Within walking distance to Fort Mason, restaurants, bars, and everything else!
There is no better neighborhood than the Marina.  It is flat, it has the Golden Gate Bridge, it is safe for girls (but this is the city, so be smart), it has great bars and restaurants. It is just THE BEST!
There is plenty of shopping and entertainment on both nearby Union St and Chestnut St.  Crissy Field and access  to SF Bay are a shot 15 minute walk. 
This apartment is truly in the heart of the Marina on Fillmore street. Less than 5 minute walk to both Chestnut St and Union St. Won't find a better located apartment in the area.
This is a fantastic part of the Marina! Easy walking distance to the Fort Mason, Marina Green, Chrissy Feild, the Palace of Fine Arts and the Golden Gate Bridge. Also very close to lively Chestnut and Union streets with great restaurants, shops and nightlife. We are happy to provide specific recommendations upon request.
This is a very quiet neighborhood, but with many things to do! If you'd like to go for a run, you should first run north, and once you hit the ocean, run west into the Presidio forest towards Golden Gate Bridge. Baker Street Bistro is a really nice restaurant that's just a 2 minute walk away. They have a great brunch menu on the weekend as well. If you're into a more aggressive brunch (aka bottomless mimosas), Stock In Trade is a great option. Causwells is really close, and is great for dinner and wine. The Sandwich Spot has one of the most flavorful sandwiches in San Francisco. If you want quick Mexican food, you can't go wrong with TOMA. If you want a more sit-down type of Mexican, Tacolicious will hit the spot. Three great options for burgers in the Marina: Roam Artisan Burgers (my favorite), Super Duper Burgers (can't go wrong), and Umami Burger (not my favorite, but very popular). There are many bars in the Marina, such as The Tipsy Pig, Jaxson, Matrix (more of a dance club), Mari
This is probably the most charming neighborhood in San Francisco - filled with mansions, Victorians, fabulous restaurants and shops.   Walk everywhere.  No car is needed to enjoy the whole city from here.
This is well-known SF neighborhood with small homes and apartments built in 1930's, adjacent to Palace of Fine Arts. It is flat, fine for walking, young families, dogs.
This neighborhood is one of the safest, most popular designations for people visiting as well as local san franciscans.  You definitely get a bustling metropolitan feel .This neighborhood has the best restaurants and bars in the city. It also is filled with the most popular stores and boutiques for a great day of shopping. This location is minutes to beautiful views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Pier 39, and the San Francisco skyline. Anything you could possibly want to see in San Francisco is easily accessable walking or a quick bus ride.
This neighborhood offer the highest level of walkability of any other neighborhood in the city, due to their geographic location in a flat, north-lying section. Two blocks from Fort Mason & the Breath taking views. The Marina districts offer an active, cosmopolitan lifestyle which is unrivaled by any other sections of San Francisco.
This north end of the Marina, facing the Bay, is very quiet and the views are breathtaking. Further south in the Marina (closer to Chestnut St) can be noisier with young people walking to/from the bars. In the north end of the Marina, you get the best of both worlds--serene views and access to the fun on Chestnut!
Though very near public transportation, many will prefer to walk or bike to dinner at such world class restaurants as Gary Danko, A-16 and Greens, shop the nearby farmer's market grab a coffee at the Starbucks around the corner, pick up groceries at the market or explore the many scenic attractions - Presidio Park, Ft. Point, Palace of Fine Arts, Disney Family Museum, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach. You will also be within an easy walk of the many charming shops and exciting nightlife on Chestnut and Union St.
Today the shops and restaurants seem to be bursting at their seams with beautiful, young and fit 20- and 30-somethings. Union Street is arguably the best street in the city to window-shop the hours away on a sunny afternoon, and, a few blocks down, Chestnut has an incredible variety of high-quality restaurants catering to every palate.
Union Street (Cow Hollow) is a uniquely charming area of San Francisco. The Union Street Shopping District contains some of the City's best eateries, art galleries, fine jewelry stores and trendy boutiques.  It has great places to eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner and a variety of wine and full bars up and down the street.
Union Street has tons of great restaurants, bars, shops and gyms. Chestnut Street is also very popular and is a 10 minute walk.
Union street is one of the top 5 neighborhoods to visit in SF with tons of boutique shops, restaurants and trendy bars.  The neighborhood has plenty of workout options such as Soul Cycle, Yoga studios, Equinox, Barry's Boot camp, The Bar Method and the Daily Method.  You also have plenty of nail salons, beauty salons, spas, and local grocery stores near by.  Everything is right out your front door when you stay here.
Urban convenience in one of the world's most beautiful settings.
Very upscale neighborhood, shopping, restaurants, gyms, spas, grocery stores, and tons of nightlife if that's your goal!
Very upscale neighborhood, shopping, restaurants, gyms, spas, grocery stores, and tons of nightlife if that's your goal! Some of the best food in the city is just blocks away in every direction.
Walk to Union Street Cafes, Restaurants, Bars, Grocery Stores, Fort Mason, the Marina, Parks. Bike or Drive to Golden Gate Bridge 
Walk to Union Street, Polk Street, And Chestnut Street. All have great restaurants, bars, and shops. You can also walk to Fishermans Wharf, Ghiradelli Square, and the Cable Car.  Fort Mason is a great park to relax in with great views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. This area is among the cleanest in San Francisco with the lowest crime and homeless prescience.
Walk to everything, including Golden Gate Bridge
Walking distance to all the shops and restaurants on Union St/Chestnut Streets, Palace of Fine Arts, Chrissy Field beach and Marina Green.
We are adjacent to the very best recreational area in all of San Francisco.  The Presidio, Chrissy Field, and San Francisco Bay are literally on your doorstep.
We are walking distance from the Bay, the Golden Gate bridge, Chestnut Street with restaurants and entertainment...you can walk to historic North Beach, bicycle anywhere within the city. Near us is the Presidio, Disney's Industrial Light & Magic, Cow Hollow. The Palace of Fine Arts is a block away.
What I love most about this gem is the walking vicinity to the city's safest, cleanest, most charming and upscale places!
You can see the water when you walk out the front door and the whole neighborhood is walkable, safe and fun with so many options for restaurants, wine tasting, shopping and more...
You can walk everywhere here - to shops, restaurants, the beach and Golden Gate Bridge.
You can't beat the neighborhood. It has everything: shops, restaurants, and beach.
You will love the neighborhood! Anything you can hope for is just steps away. Cafes, top of the line restaurants and countless stores. If you're into fitness there are plenty of gyms, yoga and Pilates studios all over Union street. Chestnut street and up the stairs to Fillmore street are great for the above as well.
you can walk everywhere for coffee and grab a ride.you can bike or walk to the golden gate (URL HIDDEN) much more please do not hesitate to contact me if you have questions or need flexible dates i will fix my calendar for better suit you. .