 located in historical Nob Hill district. on the intersection of Sacrament & Polk. extremely convenient neighborhood. there are lots of unique restaurants and shops right out the door. the neighborhood is bustling with life day and night.
- Central location in Nob Hill - Walking distance to many popular attractions and neighborhoods, such as the following: Grace Cathedral, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Top of the Mark, Polk Street, Chinatown and the Marina (to name a few) - 20 minute walk to the Financial District, convenient if here for work
- We are one block from Polk Street - possibly the best spot to shop, dine and bar hop. - A short, easy 10 minute walk to Union Square. - One block off the Hyde St Cable Car route. 
-Walking distance within many restaurants, cafés, bars -Pharmacy and grocery: Walgreen's, CVS, and Trader Joe's, all within 3-4 blocks -Two small corner grocery stores  -Late-night pizza place across the street -Climb 2-3 streets up Nob Hill and enjoy a fantastic view of the city. Explore Huntington Park, the beautiful hotels (Fairmont Hotel, Top of the Mark), and Grace Cathedral at the top.
.5 blocks away from the best market in the city (Le Beau market)
1 Block from beautiful Grace Cathedral, the Fairmont, and Mark Hopkins.
5 minute cab / 20 minute walk to Super Bowl City (Financial District). 10 minute walk to downtown Market Street. Within blocks of dozens of bars (including one of the most famous speakeasies in San Francisco), great restaurants, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and Union Square shopping.
95 walking score! While the neighborhood is quiet it's also only a few blocks away from some of the best the city has to offer. Walk a few blocks to zip zag of Lombard street, hop a cable car half a block away, dine at amazing restaurants on Hyde street from Michelin star winners to wine bistros, drop onto Polk street for fun nightlife. There is a corner store for a last second item and great little coffee shops for your morning caffeine.  One of the best things about Russian Hill is its access to other great areas. Choose to walk a few blocks to... Northbeach (10mins), Fisherman's Wharf (10mins) or the Marina (15mins).
A 7 minute walk to Union Square! And within walking distance to North Beach, Nob Hill, China Town, Powell Street shopping, and the Financial and Theater Districts.
A map showing its location can be found at(URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN)
A warm and friendly neighborhood, populated with  wonderful and sincere neighbors.
Amazing Nob Hill location. Close to all things. Walkscore of 98!
Amazing spot within walking distance to Chinatown, North Beach, Union Square and Cow Hollow. Lots of little markets around and very close to Grace Cathedral and two trolley lines.
Amazing, beautiful neighborhood.
Area Activities: Beach Boating Shopping Live Entertainment Hiking Jet Skiing Casinos Day Spa & Salon Fishing Windsurfing Miniature Golf Mountain Biking Marina
Atop Nob Hill, close to Hotels, restaurants, Huntington Park, Cable Car Barn, easy access to public transportation, the Wharf, shopping, entertainment.
Beautiful quaint neighborhood on top of Nob Hill. The neighborhood is safe! The unit is close to Huntington Park, Grace Cathedral, and Polk St, which is a fun bar/restaurant area.
Best location in city. Vibrant neighborhood abounding with bars and restaurants. Central location, 15 min walk to Union Square, 10 min walk to Russian Hill, and 20 min walk to Marina.
Bustling part of the city with coffee shops and bars almost on every corner.  Trader Joes is very close by and so are many unique cafes and tasty restaurants.  Huntington Square park is just up the street with beautiful views of the city and Cable Car line.
Centrally located at the top of Nob Hill, this rooftop studio is steps away from great shops, restaurants and bars. Public transportation is very easy in this neighborhood; major bus lines within a block away from the place. Street parking and nightly garages are available in the neighborhood as well.
Centrally located in historic, lower Nob Hill in San Francisco.
Centrally located to downtown union square, financial district/Chinatown, polk street bars and restaurants. We love the fact that the neighborhood is safe and close to Trader Joes and Wholefoods. 
Charming, cute and home-y feel in Nob Hill.  Experience the real San Francisco with colorful buildings, and easy access to other neighborhoods such as the Marina, North Beach, downtown and the Mission.
Close to Grace Cathedral and NobHill Hotels as well as easy walking distance to the wharf, Ferry Building, downtown.  Cable Car barn a block away; easy bus and cable car connections.  One of SF most delightful neighborhoods.
Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. WorldMark San Francisco occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby. Visit Fisherman’s Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island and learn about this former federal prison's notorious inmates; explore the sixties-throwback Haight-Ashbury district; or spend time wandering through Golden Gate Park, an urban oasis larger than New York's Central Park. Enjoy some of the world's finest restaurants, shop in the glass-domed Crocker Galleria in the Financial District and check out the city's vibrant theatrical productions. WorldMark San Francisco puts you in the center of this dynamic city so that you can explore all i
Everything is incredibly close, for example there are 10 restaurants in just a 2 block radius.  If you have children there are two parks within 3 blocks.
Excellent neighborhood two blocks from Grace Cathedral or the Cable Car Barn, 3 blocks to Huntington Park, 1 block to restaurants Venticello, Sushi Rapture (free delivery), short walk to restaurants Hyde Street Bistro, Ristorante Milano and LeBeau gourmet groceries/seafood/steak/deli/wine/flowers/news (free delivery). Take Cable Car one block down to restaurants Gary Danko and Buena Vista Cafe. Top of the Mark for Sunday brunch or cocktails is a four-block walk. 
Fabulous Nob Hill offers views, beautiful walks, and convenience to downtown, SOMA and many tourist attractions. Walk to the Fairmont Hotel, Grace Cathedral, Masonic Auditorium, Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach, Financial District, Lombard (Crooked) Street and Polk Street. Enjoy the area's restaurants, theatres, bars/clubs, tourist spots, shopping and the waterfront.
Good neighborhood, great local bars and restaurants. You're in the heart of the Italian and Chinese districts. North Star is my favorite local bar.
Great Nob Hill Location located next to some of San Francisco's best restaurants and bars.  Walking distance to financial district, marina, and Polk street bars.
Great restaurants on Polk st..  Grace cathedral is just a block away.  Top of the Mark bar is very nice at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. There are many very unique and amazing places to dine out.
Historical Neighborhood, Cable car goes right in front of our house!
I have mentioned the cable cars. Nob Hill is home to Grace Cathedral, the Fairmont Hotel, Mark Hopkins Hotel, Pacific Union Club and other landmarks. The apartment is a 5-6 minute walk to Polk street bars to the west and 5-6 minutes from the top of Russian Hill to the north. The apartment is centrally located to downtown, Chinatown, North Beach, the Bay, Pacific Heights and downtown.
It is in a quiet neighborhood. Close to the cable car lines, shops and boutiques, trader joes, family market, restaurants, bars for nightlife, walking distance to union square, Ghiridelli square and the shoreline.
It's hard to beat the views in Nob Hill! But we've also got some of the best night life in the city on Polk St. And plenty of highly rated bars and restaurants withing walking distance.
It's located on one of the prettiest streets in San Francisco. Lined with wine bars, restaurants, and locals.
It's smack in the center of the nicest area of the city and within walking distance to everything!
Lively bars, great restaurants, affordable massage places and cute little boutique shops
Located in the Nob Hill neighborhood close to North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, and two blocks from North Beach, there is plenty to see and do in the area.  Spend the day checking out the area's local shops, cinemas and tourist attractions. Easy access to great running and biking near Fort Mason, Crissy Field, and the Golden Gate Bridge!
Located in the Nob Hill neighborhood, this apartment is centrally located. It’s often called one of San Francisco’s “signature neighborhoods,” partly because it’s filled with historic landmarks, elite hotels, well-kept streets, and notable shops. From hole-in-the wall bars and lounges to more upscale restaurants, dining spots are also plentiful.  
Located in the heart of the city, Nob Hill is one of the most desired neighborhood for tourists and locals in all of SF. Its pristine location makes it central to just about every single San Francisco Attraction, such as: Ghirardelli Square (0.9 miles)  Lafayette Park (0.1 miles) Alice Marble Park (0.4 miles) Fort Mason (1.0 miles)  Lyon Steps (1.8 miles) Crissy Field (1.6 miles) Golden Gate Bridge (1.9 miles) Civic center (0.7 miles)  Chinatown (0.6 miles)  Union Square (0.8 miles)  Ferry building (1.5 miles)  Coit tower (1.5 miles)  Palace of fine arts (1.7 miles)  Presidio (1.8 miles) and many more! Within Nob Hill you are one block away from Polk street where you will find restaurants, shops, boutiques, bars, banks and just about anything you need. There is a Trader joe's, Whole Foods, Walgreens, and convenience stores open till late most nights as well as the Famous Cable Car located less than a minute away.
Located in the heart of the city, NobHill, is one of the most desired neighborhods  for tourists and locals in all of san francisco. Its prestine location makes it central to just about every single San Francisco Attraction, such as: Fort Mason (1.2 miles away) Ghirardelli Square (1.2 miles) Civic center (0.7 miles) Chinatown (0.6 miles) Union Square (0.8 miles) Ferry building (1.5 miles) Coit tower (1.5 miles) Palace of fine arts (1.9 miles)  Presidio (2 miles) and many more! Within Nobhill you are one block away from Polk street where you will find restaurants, shops, boutiques, bars, banks and just about anything you need. There is a Trader joe's, Walgreens, and convenience stores open till late most nights as well as the Famous Cable Car located less than a minute away.
Located on the beautiful border of Nob Hill and Russian Hill, but still on "the flat part", as locals call it, so no battling the brutal hills of San Francisco.  One block to the bars and restaurants of Polk Street.  Hop of a 10 minute bus ride to the NFL experience and the Super Bowl parties.
Located right next to the Grace Cathedral and few blocks from Polk Street.
Location! Location! Location! Stay on California Street in well-heeled Nob Hill, where you can board the cable car directly from your front door. Visit FIsherman's Wharf, Ferry Building on the Embarcadero, North Beach, Chinatown, and Union Square, on a short cable car ride or just walk. All these areas are easily accessible on foot. Union square, for example, is a short 10 minute walk.   Trader Joes is a half block out our front door, Whole Foods is 3 blocks away, and there are multiple small grocers, restaurants, cafes, bars and the like, within blocks. No car necessary! But if you have one, street parking is available.  
Location, location, location! Atop prestigious Nob Hill, this charming unit is one block away from the cable car that will either take you to downtown or to Fisherman's wharf.  Two blocks away, you'll find Huntington Park & Grace's Cathedral. A short walk down the hill is Polk Street that boasts a bevy of shops, bars & restaurants. A longer walk or bus ride will bring you to some major San Francisco attractions as well: Union Square (for shopping), North Beach (Little Italy!), Chinatown, Russian Hill and more!  The shared roof deck has a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge...not to be missed while staying here!
Location: Centrally located at the top of Nob Hill, this apartment is steps away from Polk street, Union Street and one hill away from China Town. The location provides access to great shops, restaurants and bars. Public transportation is very easy in this neighborhood; major bus lines within a block away from the place. Street parking and nightly garages are available in the neighborhood as well
Lots to do with restaurants , parks, cable cars and amenities on your doorstep.
Lower Nob Hill is the most convenient neighborhood in the city of San Francisco and is a perfect base for anyone looking to explore the city! It's in central SF and close to all major attractions. It's the place a visitor on holidays or conference attendee would want to stay.
Most sophisticated in the city. Huntington Park is like La Dolce Vita ! You should see it at night and view from corner of the entire cityscape. More pictures are filmed in this area than any other of the city. I can't mention them. Ill show you though. Then rent a DVD when you get back home and tell your friends. Good God,I was right across the street.
My favorite restaurants in the neighborhood: Nob Hill Cafe (Italian), Olea (Brunch), Nob Hill Grille (American).  Trader Joe's is only a block away! Check out Grace Cathedral - it's only a block away! The Masonic Center is also less than a block away!
My neighborhood is steps from Chinatown, north beach, the marina, Polk st, civic center and Hayes valley. Hiking trails in the presidio are close and the waterfront is a 10 minute walk.
N
Nearby · Auto Rental· Bar/Cocktail Lounge· Beach· Bicycles· Bicycle Trails· Boat Rentals· Boutique(s)· Beauty Salon· Cinema/Movie Theater· Coffee Lounge· Convenience Store· Deli· Dry Cleaning Service· Drug Store· Entertainment (live)· Exercise Room· Fishing· Golf (18 Holes)· Health Club· Hiking· Horseback Riding· Hot Tub or Whirlpool· Lake· Laundry Facilities· Marina· Massage Service· Money Exchange· Playground· Pizzeria· Racquetball· Restaurant· Sailboat Rentals· Sauna or Steam Room· Skating· Snack Bar· Spa (day)· In/OutdoorHeatedPool· Outdoor Pool(s)· Tennis
Nob Hill
Nob Hill Neighborhood -1/2 blocks from Cable Cars and Muni - Walking distance to Chinatown - 4-5 blocks from BART -Trader Joe's, 7-11, and Walgreens are all nearby - 3 blocks from Union Square - 3 blocks from the Financial District - 5 minute walk to SOMA (South of Market) district - 10 minute walk to Museum of Modern Art - 10 minute walk to Ferry Building Market Place  - 10 minute walk to Moscone convention center - Less than two miles from the Castro district - 10 minute walk to SF Giants baseball stadium (AT&T Park)
Nob Hill boasts some of the best views, restaurants, and bars in the city! Also, it is great proximity to other great neighborhoods as well - short walk to Polk St. FiDi, SOMA, and the Marina. Also, please note this is a very CLEAN part of Nob Hill, not to be confused with the "Tender-Nob" (Nob Hill / Tenderloin border) or Chinatown.
Nob Hill has everything: great bars, shopping, restaurants, public transportation. Le Beau deli up the hill has excellent sandwiches and groceries. There is also a trader joe's on California and Hyde, which is 1 block away. You'll find bars on Polk and California. Good restaurants are abundant so ask me for some recommendations.
Nob Hill has it all - restaurants, bars, views of the whole city (Top of the Mark). Pretty much a central location.
Nob Hill has some of the best views of the city and is a perfect home base for the weekend.  Walking distance from most everywhere in San Francisco, awesome restaurants and views nearby, and all in an authentic San Francisco neighborhood.
Nob Hill is a beautiful neighborhood right in the middle of SF! It has gorgeous victorian homes and spectacular views add to the neighborhood's unattainable mystique, while a Gothic style cathedral contributes to its old-world opulence. Just a block away from the apartment, you have access to hundreds of restaurants, bars, and shops.
Nob Hill is a beautiful neighborhood with unique and historic buildings.  Our apartment is 1 block from Grace Cathedral and Huntington Park.  There are great restaurants within blocks, a great corner market with almost anything you could need 1 block away and a bigger grocery store just 2.5 blocks away.  
Nob Hill is a great area to stay.  You are central to all the hot spots and can quickly get around SF. Walking around the neighborhood you have coffee shops, bars, restaurants, galleries, shopping, parks and tourist spots- Grace Cathedral, Top of the Mark, California Street cable car and view at the top of the nob.
Nob Hill is a great location for visitors. It is located in an exciting and amazing part of the City in Nob Hill. There are tons of designer shopping, restaurants, cafes and everything you would need just blocks away.
Nob Hill is a lovely neighborhood with small supermarkets, delicious restaurants, brunch spots, coffee shops and pilate yoga studios within a block of our home! It is very safe and family friendly! Our favorite is stopping by Cafe Isabella for our morning coffee and breakfast burrito, or the famous Bob's donuts or dropping by Good Mong Kok for Chinese Dim Sum.  On evenings, you can find us at Nob Hill Cafe, the best little Italian restaurant around! Trader Joes is about a quarter of a mile walk.
Nob Hill is a premier location of San Francisco.  Once home to all four of the railroad barons of the 1900s, Nob Hill is now full of incredible restaurants and views to match.  Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, the Financial District and Fisherman's Wharf are all in walkable distance.
Nob Hill is a quiet and clean neighborhood perched atop the city. Apartment rooftop has great views of Golden Gate bridge and city. Nice neighborhood deli and market one block away that serves fresh hot food for all meals.
Nob Hill is a quiet and clean neighborhood perched atop the city. Apartment rooftop has great views of Golden Gate bridge and city. Nice neighborhood deli and market one block away that serves fresh hot food for all meals. (URL HIDDEN)
Nob Hill is an affluent district, home to many of the city's upper-class families as well as a large young urban professional population, and a growing Chinese immigrant population from Chinatown to the east. Nob is disparaging British slang abbreviation of "noble/nobility" referring to newly rich. The location is also derisively referred to as Snob Hill. The intersection of California and Powell streets is the location of two of its four well-known and most expensive hotels: the Fairmont Hotel, the Mark Hopkins Hotel, the Stanford Court. The Mark Hopkins Hotel and the Huntington Hotel are located one block away at Mason & California. The hotels were named for three of The Big Four, four entrepreneurs of the construction of the Central Pacific Railroad: Leland Stanford, Mark Hopkins & Collis P. Huntington. The fourth, Charles Crocker has a garage named after him in the neighborhood. The Fairmont is also named for a San Francisco tycoon, James G. Fair.
Nob Hill is an affluent district, home to many of the city's upper-class families as well as a large young urban professional population.
Nob Hill is at the center of San Francisco's energetic and cultural buzz, adjacent to North Beach, Chinatown, Civic Center, Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. Stay in the neighborhood to enjoy a range of great restaurants, shopping and nightlife on famous Polk and Hyde streets or use the easily accessible public transportation to venture further out. On the east side of the hills and protected from the coastal weather, our neighborhood generally stays sunnier and warmer than other parts of the city.  Trader Joe's, CVS, coffee shops, laundry/dry cleaning located one block away.
Nob Hill is class all the way.
Nob Hill is home to some of the city's most famous landmarks including Grace Cathedral, Huntington Park, the Cable Car Museum and many of its ritziest hotels (including the "Ritz"-Carlton.  You'll be in a good neighborhood).  It is positioned right between Union Square to the south, China Town to the east and North Beach to the north.  All are within a few blocks easy walking distance.  Also within walking distance are Fisherman's Wharf, the Financial District and the Ferry Building.
Nob Hill is ideally situated within walking distance from some of the best shopping, sights, entertainment and restaurants San Francisco offers.  The flat is within steps from well-known sights, such as the Fairmont Hotel, Cable Car Museum, Grace Cathedral, Huntington Park and China Town.
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's 44 hills, and one of its original "Seven Hills." Prior to the 1850s, Nob Hill was called California Hill. Everywhere you look there are views galore!  Nob Hill is an affluent district, home to many of the city's upper-class families as well as a large young urban professional population, and a growing Chinese immigrant population from Chinatown to the east.  Restaurants near by there are just toooo many... A couple of favorites: Nob Hill Cafe at Taylor/Sacramento, Milano at Pacific/Hyde, Hyde Street Seafood at Hyde/Pacific, Rue Le Pic at Mason/Pine..... I am getting hungry just thinking about it...
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's signature neighborhoods, renowned for its city landmarks and the famous hotels and central location to many shops, cafes, and parks.
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's signature neighborhoods, renowned for its city landmarks and the famous hotels that border Huntington Park.  For those who explore further, it also reveals unexpected facets. In addition to its swanky character, the area is influenced by the diverse personalities of the downtown neighborhoods that surround it, making it an intriguing place to visit. The area's reputation of privilege dates back to Gold Rush times, when cable car lines made the hilltop accessible and the railroad barons and bonanza kings built their mansions there, far above the rowdiness of the bawdy waterfront. Luxury hotels now stand in the place of those original palaces, and when you hike to the top of the hill, historic buildings such as the Fairmont Hotel and the Flood Mansion are undeniably impressive, as are the lush cascades of bougainvillea and the genteel apartment buildings with their wedding-cake facades.
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's signature neighborhoods, renowned for its city landmarks and the famous hotels that border Huntington Park. For those who explore further, it also reveals unexpected facets. In addition to its swanky character, the area is influenced by the diverse personalities of the downtown neighborhoods that surround it, making it an intriguing place to visit.
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's signature neighborhoods, renowned for its city landmarks and the famous hotels that border Huntington Park. For those who explore further, it also reveals unexpected facets. In addition to its swanky character, the area is influenced by the diverse personalities of the downtown neighborhoods that surround it, making it an intriguing place to visit. Across the pleasantly bustling street from the apartment you will find Trader Joe's and CVS. There are tons of delicious coffee shops, restaurants, bars and nightlife in a short walking vicinity.
Nob Hill is one of San Francisco’s oldest neighbourhoods. It’s a quiet, safe, and historic area near Union Square. It is near the night life area of Polk Street, close to the downtown Financial District, and adjacent to all the most popular attractions.
Nob Hill is one of the more desirable neighborhoods to stay in San Francisco. You are centrally located to the typical tourist destinations, and have many options for transportation. Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, Grace Cathedral, Pier 39, Downtown, and The Financial District are all within walking distance. The Cable Car Museum is also just one block away.
Nob Hill is one of the oldest and nicest neighborhoods in San Francisco. Go from swanky bars and spas to leisurely cafes and shopping within minutes. Close to great shopping districts and amazing restaurants.
Nob Hill is one of the sought after neighborhoods in the city due to it's sheer beauty and prime location. California st. offers breathtaking views and has attractions such as the Grace Cathedral, Fairmont hotel, Mark Hopkins, Cable cars and many more.  Nob Hill has a number of good restaurants, a little walk down to Polk st. offers a number of good bars and nightlife if interested. It is one of the original seven hills of San Francisco and offers 360 degree views.
Nob Hill is the quintessential San Francisco neighborhood. Within walking distance of several iconic destinations within the city our apartment is just steps to great restaurants, the Hyde Street Cable Car, Polk Street entertainment district, North Beach and China Town. Just blocks to some of the best dining in the city!
Nob Hill, great location in an upscale neighborhood, stunning views and close to downtown.
Nob Hill, the center of San Francisco
Nob hill is located near the center of San Francisco. Several points of interest and public transit options are just a few minutes walk. There are several great bars and restaurants littered throughout.
Nook cafe right next door as well as several wine bars on the same corner. Le Blue grocery store 3 min walk away and Trader Joe's 6 min walk away - the is also a connivence store across the street.  8 min drive from golden gate bridge and crissy fields. Chinatown is the next neighborhood over and coit tower is 10 min drive away. Grace Cathedral 8 min walk away. The mission is 14 min drive away. SFO is also about 20 min drive. There is a bus stop on both corners of the street.  Several local parks within walking distance including Lafayette Park.
Once you step out the front door you're just a few blocks from cafes, restaurants, and bars. A short walk or bus ride will bring you to some major San Francisco attractions, including Union Square, Moscone Center, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach (aka Little Italy), Chinatown, & more!
One block from the cable car, blocks away from Chinatown and access to incredible shops, restaurants and bars.  You will live like an SF local and free right at home.
Our neighborhood is on of the best of the city. It's really,calm, clean and safe night and day.  It's perfect for single travelers and ladies. Their are public transportation, supermarkets, pharmacies, bars and restaurants. You can also, rent cars and bikes nearby.
Polk Street is a popular destination filled with great restaurants, coffee shops, retail shops, gym and grocery stores. Two blocks up is quaint Hyde Street with cozy restaurants and wine bars. Everything you need is within walking distance.  Russian Hill is a great central location in San Francisco. Close to Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, Coit Tower, NorthBeach, Marina, Crissyfield and Presidio.
Powell Place is surrounded by everything that makes San Francisco special. Visitors have access to many attractions by boarding a cable car less than a half-block away. Chinatown, with all its intrigue and mystery, is within an easy walk, as are some of the city's finest specialty stores and restaurants.
Prime location between Russian and Nob Hill  3 mins walk from cable car stops on California & Hyde and California & Van Ness, walking distance to the Marina, North beach, Chinatown, Market street, Asian Art Museum, Union street and Union Square. Trader Joe's 3 min walk, Wholefoods 6. Plenty of bars and restaurants just around the corner (Polk street), yet quiet and residential on the side (Larkin) street
Quiet neighborhood in the heart of San Francisco. Close to tons of restaurants and bars. Walking distance to many popular areas.
Russian Hill is famous for its hidden walkways, hills, curvy streets, cable cars, parrots, views, and access to the best of SF.
Russian Hill! Everything in SF is at your feet, literally! 
Russian Hill, a residential neighborhood with pockets of restaurants and shops, feels a bit more visitor-friendly than its more formal neighbor, Nob Hill. The views are also just as dazzling. Charming restaurants and small businesses cluster on leafy Hyde Street between Jackson and Union Streets, and Polk Street is crowded with unusual boutiques, antique shops, trendy restaurants and night spots. A mini French quarter has sprung up around Polk and Green, where you'll find a great bistro, a traditional café-boulangerie, a French antiques store, and several French-influenced gift and home décor shops. Parks, Gardens and Great Views: Although the bursting hydrangeas along Lombard Street are pretty, there are more leisurely places to enjoy the outdoors. Alice Marble Park, at the corner of Greenwich and Larkin streets, is a block away and offers a stunning view of the neighborhood's historical houses. Ina Coolbrith Park (at the intersection of Taylor and Vallejo streets) has steep steps lin
Situated in beautiful Nob Hill in the heart of San Francisco, this flat is extremely desirable for anyone looking for a comfortable place to lay their head. There are countless attractions and events to keep you occupied every second of your stay. This 1 bedroom apartment is centrally located. It’s a short walking distance to Fisherman’s Wharf, Union Square, North Beach, the Financial District, Russian Hill, the Embarcadero, and the Marina. The apartment is sandwiched between Polk and Hyde streets which have abundant restaurants, cafe's, shops, and bars. I will happily give recommendations.  
Some of the greatest weather is located in my neigborhood. I would recommend walking to all tourist attractions because most things are a 15 minute walk
Spectacularly well located to many top notch restaurants and bars: Local Neighborhood Restaurants: -  Venticello (Italian - Nob Hill) -  Albona (Italian - Nob Hill) -  Cafe Jacqueline (French - North Beach) -  Mason Pacific (American - Nob Hill) -  Luisa’s (Italian - Nob Hill) -  Mymy (Breakfast - Nob Hill) Popular Restaurants: -  Sotto Mare (Seafood - North Beach) -  The House (Asian Fusion - North Beach) -  House of Prime Rib (American Steak House -     Nob Hill) -  1760 (American - Nob Hill) -  Tony’s Pizza (Pizza - North Beach) -  Don Pisto’s (Mexican - North Beach) -  Mama’s (Breakfast - North Beach) Bars: -  Top of the Mark (Great views of the city - Nob     Hill) -  Hopwater Distribution (Pub - Nob Hill) -  Robberbaron (Wine Bar - Nob Hill) -  Occidental Cigar Club (Tobacoo Shop -      Financial District) -Bubble Lounge (Champagne Bar - Financial    District)
Steps from Trader Joes, CVS, and plenty of local coffee shops, restaurants, bars, etc. Grace Cathedral and the Fairmont are two blocks away. About 1-20-30 minute walk to Union Square, North Beach, Fishermans Wharf, The Embarcadero. Amazing, amazing, central location.
Steps from a mini park (viewable from any of the apartment's bay windows), Nob Hill truly epitomizes the city of San Francisco.  Get lost on a cable car, meander the myriad gardens, enjoy exquisite restaurants and wine bars, all of which are accompanied by an impeccable hillside view of the bay.  With its central location and proximity to the FiDi, Marina, Russian Hill, etc., there's no better 'home base' to have when visiting SF!
Steps to San Francisco's best nightlife including Russian Hill, Nob Hill, and Pacific Heights.  Lots to do and see in these neighborhoods.
The Location
The Nob Hill neighborhood is really great.  It's far enough from the Tenderloin to be safe and residential, but close enough to all of it's amazing bars, restaurants, and everything else there is to see in SF.  I've lived in a few areas in SF, and this is the only place where I've truly felt like I'm actually living in the greatest city on earth!  I hope you get to experience this feeling as well (if only for a short time) Some highlights: 1. There is a Whole Foods Market just 3 blocks away  2. A Trader Joe's just 1 block away.   3. The cable car stop is literally steps away from the front door. 4. It's a block away from the ever-popular Swanson's Oyster Depot (this way you can get there before the line gets crazy and starts backing up outside the door). 5. There's a CVS next to the Trader Joe's along with a CVS or Walgreens every 2-3 blocks, no matter which direction 6. There's a British store around the corner where you can by all kinds of Britsh chocolate and supplies 7. The popular
The actual peak of Nob Hill lies slightly to the northwest, approximately at the intersection of Jones and Sacramento Streets. South of Nob Hill is the shopping district of Union Square, the Tenderloin neighborhood, and Market Street. To the east is San Francisco's Chinatown and a little farther, the city's financial district. Northeast of Nob Hill is North Beach and Telegraph Hill. North of Nob Hill is Russian Hill, and eventually, the tourist-centered areas of the waterfront such as Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf.
The apartment is exceptionally well located and close to the main tourist attractions, convention centers, restaurant, shopping as food/super markets. This location has earned a San Francisco walk score rating of 100/100 -- truly an exceptional location!
The apartment is in a fantastic, central spot for exploring the city. Easy access to BART, Union Square, China Town, Grace Cathedral, the Ferry Building and other popular tourist spots.  Just a few blocks up from bustling Polk Street, Russian Hill is an easy walk, and Trader Joes and Whole Foods are both very close.
The apartment is located in the heart of SF (Nob Hill) and is walking distance from:  --North Beach (Little Italy)  --Chinatown  --Financial District  --SOMA  --Fisherman's Wharf  --Russian Hill  --Polk Street Bars There are many diverse restaurants ranging in price and cuisine (Polk street (four blocks away) is crawling with authentic cuisine including Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Spanish, Italian, Pakistani, Indian, Thai, Persian, French and of course American fare). Parking: Street parking is available, but limited... There are some parking garages a short walk away for $20-30/day
The apartment is located in the heart of SF (Nob Hill) and is walking distance from: --North Beach (Little Italy)  --Chinatown  --Financial District  --SOMA  --Fisherman's Wharf  --Russian Hill  --Polk Street Bars There are many diverse restaurants ranging in price and cuisine (Polk street (four blocks away) is crawling with authentic cuisine including Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Spanish, Italian, Pakistani, Indian, Thai, Persian, French and of course American fare). Parking: Street parking is available, but limited... There are some parking garages a short walk away for $20-30/day
The building is one block from Cable Car Line and a walker’s paradise, in a practical and lively location, with fantastic choices of restaurants, bars, cafes, boutique retailers, and groceries. It is ideal for a single business traveler or one person visiting San Francisco for leisure and or solitude. You will be conveniently located within a 10-20 minute walk from fashionable Union Square shopping area, Financial District, Moscone Convention Center, Chinatown, theater district, museums, and so much more.
The condo is in the heart of downtown in the Pulk Gultch area. Walking distance to tons of bars and restaurants.  Very Close proximity to Moscone Center, Union Square, North Beach, and The Marina. In the center of everything!!!
The downtown area is filled with restaurants! Shopping area is within minutes too (Macy's, big mall called Westfield, shopper's dreams come true). 10 minutes away from Polk street (where the bars are), Chinatown, Financial District and SoMa. A little bit farther is Embarcadero and the Ferry building
The house is located in one of San Francisco's most up-scale neighborhoods.  It is a very safe and clean area, with numerous places within walking distance. The "Crookedest street in the world", Lombard St. is only blocks away! Great restaurants, boutiques, beauty spas, parks,  excellent nightlife, and fun for all ages can be found nearby.  If needed, Cable Cars run right in front of the house! Jump in one going north, and it will take you to Fisherman's Wharf. Take one going south, and you get to Union Square.  Once you are out and about, you'll get to see why I love my beautiful City that I call home!
The neighborhood is great! You will be one block below the Grace Cathedral and all the wonderful restaurants and parks that Nob Hill has to offer. Additionally, you are just one to three blocks above the restaurants, cafes and art stores in the Lower Nob Hill area. Pretty much anything you need is walking distance! My apartment is only a 10 minute walk to Union Square as well.
The neighborhood itself is quaint with the normal day to day rumblings of a big city. The three short blocks from the hustle and bustle of Polk and California Street allow for a welcomed break the noise weekenders can bring.  Trader Joe's and CVS are a five minute walk although I do prefer our family run local Deli and corner store, Le Beau, located across the street.  Coffee hot spots such as Contraband and Flour co. provide the specialized  barista  experience while Zekis, Liquid Gold, Sodapopinskys, Harper & Rye, Amalie and the Hi-Lo club do a great job filling up your beer, wine and cocktail glass. The great thing about this neighborhood and well, San Francisco in general, is the food! Favorite local hole in the wall is Cordon blu, a no frills Vietnamese restaurant that seats about 8 and has been run by the same family for over 40 years. Big meals for very cheap and it's delicious, you can also bring your own beer or wine and they will open it for you.  Best brunch spot is MyMy cof
The position is amazing. The house is silent, but it's right by Polk, that has a pretty vibrant nightlife, full of clubs and restaurants.
There are so many great restaurants and quaint coffee shops just steps away from my front door. The Cable Car Museum is a block away and it's free. I love checking out Huntington Square Park, Grace Cathedral, The Fairmont and Top of the Mark (to name a few places).
There is alot to do within a short walk from this apartment. Polk street has alot of dining and night time options.
This apartment is located on a quiet and beautiful tree-lined street in Russian Hill-- a posh, centrally located neighborhood in San Francisco. Hop on the trolley just next door or walk to any of the dozens of great restaurants and bars in the area. Just a 10-15 minute walk to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, the Marina, and more. Live like a local, there are some very good restaurants, coffee shops and boutiques in this part of town. Simply stated, Russian Hill is classy, relaxing and has a lot of flair. Cable Car Museum My favorite place to visit in the neighborhood is the Cable Car Museum just blocks away. Admission is free, and the museum details the history of how San Francisco's cable car lines were built and transformed through the years. You'll see where the cable lines originate and power all of the city's trolleys. Nearby Lombard Street Home to the one-block stretch of Lombard Street dubbed “the crookedest street in the world,” Russian Hill attracts tourists, resid
This apartment was built in 1913 and is located in Nob Hill - one of San Francisco's 44 hills, and one of its original "Seven Hills." There are gorgeous views everywhere you look and the apartment is in walking distance to a number of beautiful monuments including Grace Cathedral, the Trans America Pyramid and more. Fun fact: prior to the 1850s, Nob Hill was called California Hill. It was renamed after the Central Pacific Railroad's Big Four — called the Nobs — built mansions there. The slang term "nob" means rich or wealthy.
This is Nob Hill, but it is right on the edge of Chinatown and Russian Hill and North Beach is a short walk.  You can get the best Asian food around here, and the best Italian and much more!
This is a great Neighborhood.  You are less than half a block from Hyde St. with some great restaurants, and 1 and a half blocks in the other direction is Polk St. with lots of great shopping, lounges and restaurants as well.
This is a great neighborhood. Lots of great restaurants, coffee shops, bars and close to downtown. Great for a work trip.
This is a perfect lower Nob Hill neighborhood location.  The President stays just up our street at the Fairmont Hotel when he is In town. There are wonderful restaurants on nearly every block, Italian, Chinese, all varieties. Charming city walks on hidden stairways, with spectacular views.  Explore North Beach to the left,  Union Square shopping to the right, walk or catch a Cable Car just out your door! Fisherman's Wharf, Ferry Building and the Exploratorium and more within walking distance.
This is a very vibrant and urban neighborhood.  The tag line for Nob Hill is: It's an attitude, not an address!  Amazing food, stores and nightlife all around.  It is a very walk-able neighborhood.
This is an authentic neighborhood, very San Francisco. There's a cable car right outside your door, a world class restaurant, but hardly any tourists. And that's the key to this place: you're in the heart of the city without feeling too busy or touristy.
This is ground Zero for an authentic SF experience. Three coffee shops within blocks. A must eat at MP.  A must visit entertainment venue Dock Lab. 2000 meters in multiple directions to Union Square shopping, fisherman's Wharf, Columbus and Broadway,  Polk and Pacific. .3 miles to Famous Lombard Street and Grace cathedral.  I will send you a map of my tips and favorite places.
This is ground Zero for an authentic SF experience. Two coffee shops within blocks. A must eat at MP. A must visit entertainment venue (URL HIDDEN) 2000 meters in multiple directions to Union Square shopping, fisherman's Wharf, Columbus and Broadway,  Polk and Pacific. .3 miles to Famous Lombard Street and Grace cathedral. Read the reviews,  and book the real deal at the right price.
This is the heart of San Francisco.  Walk 10 minutes South for the famous Grace Cathedral and Fairmount Hotel, North for Russian Hill and Crooked Street, East for Chinatown, and West for Hyde/Pike Street.  You will love it!
This location is ideal, close to many main attractions such as Union Square, China Town, Russian Hill. The cable car is literally right out the door. 
This neighborhood cannot be beat - it is in the center of the city and close to almost everything, with a ton of shopping and dining options nearby. The location is our favorite part about the apartment!
This neighborhood cannot be beat - it is in the center of the city and close to almost everything, with a ton of shopping and dining options nearby. The location is our favorite part about the apartment! 
Truly one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in the city, we are located in Russian Hill on the edge of Nob Hill. The unit is walking distance to famous/major restaurants, coffee shop, Trader Joe's, CVS.  Walking distance to major tourist attractions including Lombard (crooked) Street, Grace Cathedral, Union Square, Chinatown, Polk St.
Very safe neighborhood with a walking score of 98. Across the street from a neighborhood market and only a few blocks away from Grace Cathedral. A couple blocks away from California Street where you can hop on a cable car and head to Fisherman's Wharf or Union Square. A 15-20 minute walk to Union Square shopping area or the Ferry Building.
Walk out our door, and head in any direction, and you'll find great places to eat. I also like that the neighborhood is quiet & safe. You don't need a car either. Everything is walkable from here.
Walking distance to Fort Mason, Russian Hill, Fisherman's Wharf, Marina, North Beach, China town. You're also only 2 blocks from the famed SF Hyde St cable car - take it down Hyde St to downtown SF, or Ghiradelli Square!
We are centrally located-- Fisherman's Wharf, the Marina District, Pacific Heights, Russian Hill, and Union Street are all within a 20 minute walk of our apartment. It is perfect for someone who has never had the opportunity to explore our beautiful city!
We are in a fantastic central location for getting anywhere in the city.  There are great restaurants, bars, markets, attractions, shopping, and public transit options all within a short walk, cab, bus, or cable car.  It is very easy to catch a cab nearby during most hours of the day or night (which is not true in most parts of SF!). Not to mention there are beautiful neighborhoods, buildings, views, and architecture all within walking distance of the condo going in all 4 directions. Centrally located, yet still has that neighborhood feel. In a city, you usually have to trade one for the other, but that's not the case where we are situated. Orientation to various landmarks/neighborhoods: - 1 block to nearest Cable Car stop  - 12 blocks to BART - 3 different bus routes within 2 blocks  - 3 blocks to Russian Hill - 5 blocks to Pacific Heights   - 7 blocks to North Beach - 9 blocks to famous Lombard crookedest street in the world - 9 blocks to Union Square  - 12 blocks to Fisherman's Whar
We are located at Sacramento & Polk Streets in Nob Hill.
We are located at Sacramento & Polk Streets.
We are located at Sacramento and Polk Streets in Nob Hill.
We are located in Nob Hill at Sacramento & Polk Streets
We are located in the heart of San Francisco. A five-minute taxi/bus ride from everything. Fisherman's wharf. 39 the fairies the golden gate bridge the Mission district everything is in within reach
We are situated atop Nob Hill.  A block away you can view Grace Cathedral and then watch the sunset at the Top of the Mark.  A short walk will take you to Chinatown, Union Square, Polk Gulch, North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf.
We feel we live in the best neighborhood in San Francisco...and we love this whole city!  It is a safe area with a healthy energy and so much to do. Union Street (3 blocks north) is one of the most popular places to enjoy restaurants, cafes, bars, and shopping, but is also a great place to pamper yourself, take a yoga class, or workout at a gym or cycle class. Polk Street (2 blocks east) is more popular with locals with similar attractions. We are surrounded by beautiful parks (Lafayette, Fort Mason, Moscone), organic markets (Real Foods, Whole Foods), pharmacies (Walgreens, CVS), beer, wine, and liquor stores.
We live in the heart of Nob Hill,  one of San Francisco's signature neighborhoods, renowned for its city landmarks and the famous hotels that border Huntington Park.  For those who explore further, it also reveals unexpected facets. In addition to its swanky character, the area is influenced by the diverse personalities of the downtown neighborhoods that surround it, making it an intriguing place to visit. The area's reputation of privilege dates back to Gold Rush times, when cable car lines made the hilltop accessible and the railroad barons and bonanza kings built their mansions there, far above the rowdiness of the bawdy waterfront. Luxury hotels now stand in the place of those original palaces, and when you hike to the top of the hill, historic buildings such as the Fairmont Hotel and the Flood Mansion are undeniably impressive, as are the lush cascades of bougainvillea and the genteel apartment buildings with their wedding-cake facades. Other nearby attractions: * Russian Hill Nei
We're an enjoyable and beautiful 5-10 minute walk to: * China Town  * Cable Car Museum (great free museum right around the corner) * Grace Cathedral (free yoga on Tuesdays!) * Huntington Square Park (and the Big 4 restaurant...a local favorite watering hole) * Union Square (Wonderful shopping) * Polk St. bars, restaurants and nightlife (Our favorites include St. Frank Coffee and Cheese Plus for sandwiches) * Lombard St. (we suggest taking the cable car on over and walking back) And only a 10-20 minute walk to: * North Beach  * Moscone Convention Center * Financial District * Fisherman's Wharf  * Ferry Building  * BART
We're in Union Square - near the Bloomgindales, Ritz Carlon, Four Seasons, Equinox, etc.  Also easy to get to Mission, Chinatown, Russian Hill, North Beach, Nob Hill, etc.
What do I love about the neighborhood?  Everything!  In my opinion, Nob Hill is one of San Francisco's best neighborhoods.  It offers a central location to the cities many attractions, wonderful views, access to nightlife from either neighborhood dive bars to dance clubs, some of San Francisco's best restaurants, and most of all is a safe place to live. Don't get me wrong, the other districts of San Francisco have MUCH to offer, maybe I am just a little biased since I live here.  Please feel free to ask me any questions about the city and I will happily point you in the right direction.  If I don't have the answer myself, I know where to find it.  Enjoy your stay!
When you see an aerial view of San Francisco, there's a green section surrounded by the city. That's Russian Hill. My loft is in the middle of those trees (see picture w/arrow)
Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are 10-minute walks away. Popular Polk Street shops, restaurants, and coffee spots are right downstairs, all within walking distance (the living room window looks out onto it). Public transportation is right outside the front door and there are multiple bus and train lines to everywhere in the city within short walking distance.
You are near the top of Nob Hill. Great, historic neighborhood that is extremely central.  Where you can't walk, you can get an Uber pretty fast and cheap.   Feel what SF life is like! 
You can eat nearly every imaginable type of cuisine on Polk street. You can't walk 20ft without discovering a new bar. If you're looking for an entertaining area, you'd be hard pressed to find a better spot.
You'll be staying in Nob Hill, the quintessential San Francisco neighborhood, Hyde Street is a fun area to explore and you're just steps away from a number of boutique cafes and restaurants to enjoy after a long day of sightseeing. Huntington Park is also just a few blocks away, providing an area for children to play and adults to relax. The beautiful facades of Grace Cathedral, the historical Mark Hopkins Hotel and Fairmont hotels and Cable Cars lend an elegant atmosphere to this area of San Francisco. Union Square shopping is just a seven block walk or catch a cable car there.
safe with lots of shops and restaurants
we are in the intersection where Russian Hill and Nob Hill meet we are very centrally located walking distance to Polk street shopping district the Lombard street China town financial district Pier 39 Fisherman Warf and Marina Green