- 17 mins drive from SFO airport - 5 mins walk to SF Zoo - 2 mins walk to beach - 5 mins drive or 30 mins very scenic walk to Golden Gate park - 15 mins drive to Golden Gate Bridge - Less than 4 mins drive to Lake Merced
- 5 mins walk to SF Zoo - 2 mins walk to beach - 5 mins drive or 30 mins very scenic walk to Golden Gate park - 15 mins drive to Golden Gate Bridge - Less than 4 mins drive to Lake Merced
-Beautiful Ocean Beach , huge waves on some days also small waves. -Only a few Block from Golden Gate Park ,10 min from golden Gate Bridge. -Amazing restaurants , the best food in SF -Its only 15 min form downtown SF. -Its amazing located also the easiest place to park in SF.
-Golden Gate park, 48 Ave SF Beach, Zoo, Stern Grove Park, TPC Harding Park (PGA tour plays). -Chinese, Italian, Irish restaurants, cafes all within the walking distance.    -Walgreens and 7-Eleven are blocks away on Taraval.  -Sunset Super Market is a short walk away (on Vicente)  -5 min drive to Safeway or Luckys grocery.
Airbnb's awesome page on the Outer Sunset: https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/sunset-district 7x7's Neighborhood Guide: "What To Do in the Outer Sunset" (URL HIDDEN) History, boundary lines, and demographics from Wikipedia: (URL HIDDEN)
Awesome neighborhood directly adjacent to the beach with highlights as follows:  Coffee and Breakfast: Java Beach, Trouble Coffee, Peet's Coffee, Rolling Out, Devil's Teeth Bakery, Bashful Bull, Noah's Bagel Restaurants: Outerlands Cafe, Thanh Long (Vietnamese), Pizza Place on Noriega, Old Mandarin (Chinese), Kingdom of Dumpling (Chinese), Vanida Thai, Nubi Frozen Yogurt, Toyose (Korean), Chipotle, Yum Yum Sushi, Lou's Sandwich Shop, George's Deli, basically anything you are looking for you can find within a few minutes walk or drive/bus from the house.  Night Life: Rip Tide Bar, Java Beach, Outerlands Cafe & Bar, The Spot Lounge, and Parkside Tavern, Things to do: Huge Beach right in front, San Francisco Zoo, Stern Grove Festival (free concerts throughout summer), Golden Gate Park  Shopping: Lakeshore center shopping and restaurants, Stonestown mall and movie theatre is a short ride/drive, West Portal's restaurants, movie theatre and bars are another close option as well.
Close to the SF Zoo, beach, and local cafe.  Quiet, clean, safe.  Easy parking. Close to public transit and MUNI.
Discover the West Portal neighborhood of San Francisco!  It is the best of both worlds – only minutes to downtown with San Francisco’s latest and best restaurants, shopping, theatre, museums, parks, AT&T ballpark, and a tranquil family-friendly neighborhood setting blocks away from fantastic restaurants (Greek, Peruvian, Italian, Chinese, ) movies, groceries, library, hair/nail salons, sports bars, park/playground, pilates, yoga and the best gently used high end clothing store.
Friendly and Family oriented neighborhood
Great safe neighborhood with nearby restaurants, coffee shops, ATMs, and bodega. Lucky grocery store is 5 minute drive. Safeway and Trader Joes about 10 minutes away!
In the Sunset you get to live like a local in a true SF neighborhood. At dozens of nearby restaurants you can feast on fantastic treats nearby like Xiao Long Bao, Kimchee Noodles at one of the only Soju bars in the city, local craft brews at Sunset Reservoir Brewing, upscale Greek fare at Orexi, and much more. This neighborhood’s adjacent to Golden Gate Park and all its treasures. Or if you want to Ramble On through the rest of the city, just Walk This Way to the L-Taraval line that runs West to the beach and the Zoo, or East through Castro, Civic Center, and all the way to the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building.
In the Sunset you get to live like a local in a true SF neighborhood. At dozens of nearby restaurants you can feast on fantastic treats nearby like local craft brews at Sunset Reservoir Brewing, upscale Greek fare at Orexi,  Xiao Long Bao, Kimchee Noodles at one of the only Soju bars in the city, and much more. This neighborhood's adjacent to Golden Gate Park and all its treasures. Or to explore through the rest of the city, just walk 1.5 blocks to the L-Taraval line that runs West to the beach and the Zoo, or East through Castro, Civic Center, and all the way to the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building.
It is quiet and safe. In the city but not IN the city. Not much homeless and clean. Great views of the Pacific Ocean. No residential parking restrictions. This means you can park your car-rental for up to 2 weeks and not have to move it. 
Located in the Parkside district of San Francisco our flat is located on a quiet street but yet is only a short walk to local restaurants, stores.  Stern Grove park and McCoppin Square park are also a few minutes walk away.   Other close by amenities include the beautiful Charlie Sava pool and Golden Gate Park.
Located two blocks from the beach and eleven blocks from Golden Gate Park.  Quiet neighborhood.
Mainly residential (Sunset) district away from hustle bustle of downtown. Yet minutes away from eateries, shopping malls nearbyza
Minutes from Starbucks, brunch, Italian, Greek and other restaurants in charming West Portal village in SF
Ocean Beach is beautiful , It has some of the best food in the country! and non expensive , all kinds of international food made by family restaurants and well as big ones, Parking is supre easy!
Ocean Beach is beautiful , It has some of the best food in the country! and non expensive , all kinds of international food made by family restaurants and well as big ones, Parking is supre easy!-Beautiful Ocean Beach , huge waves on some days also small waves. -Only a few Block from Golden Gate Park ,10 min from golden Gate Bridge. -Amazing restaurants , the best food in SF -Its only 15 min form downtown SF. -Its amazing located also the easiest place to park in SF.
Our flat is located in the Parkside neighborhood. Across the street from our flat is Stern Grove Park where free music concerts are hosted during the summer. The street we are located on, is a dead end so it is very quiet and peaceful. You won't hear any traffic or the usual city noise, yet you will still be close to great restaurants located just a 5-10 min walk away.
Our house is in a quiet, safe neighborhood. Stores, restaurants, and shopping plazas within blocks. Our neighborhood has a Walking Score of 75 and it's served by a multitude of convenient, on-demand food delivery services if you want to stay in and public transportation and ride-sharing transport if you want to get out.
Parking in the area is relatively safe and FREE. You can typically find street parking within a block. We are a 20 minute walk to the beach or zoo, and 10 minute drive to Golden Gate Park.
Parkside is such a great neighborhood. It is safe, quiet, and full of parks (the name doesn't lie). 2 blocks away you'll find McCoppin Square Park and just a bit further you'll find Stern Grove, a large beautiful park which holds free events all year long! The beach and Golden Gate Park are only a mile away- as well as the San Francisco Zoo! Taraval Street, only a few steps away, has many delicious restaurants with a huge variety of foods. Want great Chinese? Try: House of Pancakes 937 Taraval St. (phone number hidden) Looking for a pub with delicious food and an awesome atmosphere? Try: Parkside Tavern 1940 Taraval St. (phone number hidden) Feel like staying in and cooking? Safeway is only 3 blocks away (18th and Taraval).  Finally, you are SO close to public transport. At the bottom of the street you can catch the L-Taraval street car ($2.25) which takes you all the way through downtown San Francisco to the Embarcadero. So close, so convenient, and it runs all night! 
Plenty to do. Right on our block we have at least 8 eateries. within 2 blocks maybe 10-12. Safeway is 4 blocks away with easy parking. There are 3 bars within 2 blocks. Walgreens, launderette, 2 coffee shops, 2 diners, computer shop, library, 2 banks and even a dojo if your planning on learning karate or sudoku.
Quiet and peaceful, with beautiful ocean views and plentiful parking, our apartment is nevertheless minutes away from a charming commercial strip on West Portal Avenue, with cafes, restaurants, shopping, a great independent bookstore and a movie theater and from public transportation which places the entire city at our doorstep.
Quiet area, but well connected. Ten-12 minutes to vibrant Mission with many restaurants. Ten min walk to West Portal area with shopping, movies and restaurants (some rated in Zagat!)
Quiet local neighborhood with a lot of nature around: Stern Grove is a beautiful oasis in the middle of the city. It has an outdoor stage in a Eucalyptus grove, where free concerts are offered in the summer. It is 2 blocks away! The beach is nearby, as is the zoo and Lake Merced. Plenty of tennis courts outdoors and an indoor pool nearby. Lots of cute shops and places to eat. West Portal is a great shopping area up the street.
Quiet, spacious, feels like an actual neighborhood but is still close to the "City." It's close by the beach and multiple parks. There are some great shops and restaurants nearby on Taraval and Noriega streets, and very easy public transit to downtown.
Restaurants, supermarket (Safeway on 31st Ave & Noriega), coffee shops, 7-11, public library, grocery stores, coin laundry and many more conveniences are close by. San Francisco weather is variable, by which means it changes from minute-to-minute, street-to-street.  Our location is one of the best! Outer Sunset, Parkside jewel of San Francisco!  It's one of the safest neighborhoods in San Francisco very safe and quiet except for the sound of the ocean. We can walk the streets day or night and feel safe and comfortable.  The Outer Sunset is a deliciously silent residential area with old-fashioned stretches of shops and cafes along its main drags of Noriega and Taraval streets, adjacent to the Ocean Beach. The Outer Sunset is a popular destination for folks wishing to escape humid summer heat. It is very easy to get Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco Zoo, Sausalito, Napa Wine Country, freeway to Silicon Valley and only one street car directly to Downtown, Financial District, and Union Squ
Right on the beach, but with plenty to do!  Nearby Noriega has killer Korean at Toyose, and perfect pizza at The Pizza Place.  Get your veggies at Noriega Produce, and your long walks on the beach... right outside our door, all the way up to the Cliff House.  Don't forget to dodge the surfers!
Some highlights of my neighborhood. Taraval Street between 15th and 25th avenues has what the Inner Sunset boasted 10 years ago: cheap and multiethnic cafés, restaurants and service businesses oriented toward neighbors, plus light traffic and parking that's not only possible but also actually nearby. Fort Funston: Visitors can spend hours walking around Fort Funston's paths, dunes and beach and watching the dramatic launches, flights and landings of the Bay Area's active soaring community.  Lake Merced: This large urban lake, surrounded by parkland, includes options for walking, jogging, boating, fishing, golf  and skeet shooting at the Pacific Rod and Gun Club.  San Francisco Zoo: Koalas, lions, meerkats, kangaroos, penguins, tons of primates and more. Sunset Boulevard: This classic divided boulevard is planted on both sides with trees and grass; it's a good north-south biking or jogging route and an ideal access route for Golden Gate Park or Lake Merced
Sunset district, San Francisco.    If you are a surfer than this is a great place to find some waves and chill with the locals.  Ocean beach, is huge and open everyday.  Lots of iconic spots and legendary starts like the original burning man location.
Sunset is such a great location because it's near from Golden Gate Park and has an easy and quick  transportation to the city's popular locations for the tourists and also cool local areas for the local people
Sunset neighborhood has lots of great restaurants and grocery stores that is just down the street or walking distance.  Underground muni is half a block away and you can easily get to downtown or to other neighborhoods by muni.   More information on Sunset neighborhood: (URL HIDDEN)
Sunset neighborhood has lots of mom and pop shops, small restaurants, Irving street has most foot traffic, then there is Noriega street and Taraval. Stonestown Shopping Center is only 5 minutes drive, so is the Golden Gate Park, the Ocean and the SF Zoo.
Surrounded by parks with an ocean view.
Taraval St. has many restaurants, small shops, ice cream parlors and coffee shops.   West Portal is a small shopping area (village) about a 15 minute walk or 5 minute drive from the apartment.  There is also a movie theater there.  If you decide to walk or drive there, go down 21st Ave towards Taraval St., cross over Taraval St and continue to Ulloa (next block). Turn left and keep going – you will walk/drive right into West Portal village. Stonestown shopping center is about 5 minutes away by car.  There you will find Macy’s, Nordstrom’s, Banana Republic, J Crew etc.  There is also a Trader Joe’s there too.  To get there, go up to 19th Ave, turn right and continue for about 5 minutes, the shopping centre will be on your right. Lakeshore shopping center is another shopping centre about 8 minutes away.  There you will find Lucky’s grocery, Noah’s bagels, Payless Shoes, US post office, Ross Dress for Less, Big 5 Sports and Peets Coffee.  To get there, go up to 19th Ave and turn right con
The Inner Parkside/West Portal neighborhood is on the southwest side of the city. We are 2 miles (3.5 km) from the Pacific Ocean, the San Francisco Zoo, and Golden Gate Park. West Portal Avenue has a quaint village-type atmosphere, offering bistros, bakeries, coffee shops, taverns, antique shops, galleries, wine bars, progressive toy stores, boutiques, and a movie theater which shows first-run films.
The Outer Sunset in an incredible beach front neighborhood with delicious trendy restaurants and incredible cafes. We are less than 15 minutes from downtown San Francisco and two blocks from the L Taraval. With a 10 minute walk to the beach, you can easily spend your entire day in the sand!
The Parkside and West Portal neighborhoods are San Francisco's hidden gems.  It's a prime location for all that SF has to offer.  It is also very close to the freeway to go to Levi's Stadium - i.e., 5 minutes to the freeway.
The Parkside area located in the west side of San Francisco has a very laid back vibe with the L-Taraval MUNI line providing convenient access to downtown, many tourist attractions and local hangouts.   Walk to restaurants, shops, and parks. Korean, Japanese, Thai, Italian, Shabu Shabu (Asian fondue), American, Chinese, Seafood, and dumpling restaurants just steps away. McCoppin Square with playground and Stern Grove Park are within walking distance as well.  Less than 5 minutes by car enjoy wine tasting most Saturdays and Sundays at a local wine shop. Get downtown using public transport within 20-30 minutes without the worry of costly parking. Enjoy Ocean Beach and the Zoo, or visit neighboring West Portal or the Inner Sunset district and Golden Gate Park. Lots to see and do! #29 and #66 buses are also within a few minutes away by foot and provide access to Golden Gate Park. There, enjoy the Conservatory of Flowers, the DeYoung Museum, The California Academy of Science and the Inner S
The Parkside is a mostly residential neighborhood.  Taraval St has many shops, coffee shops, restaurants, a library and bars.  Walgreens pharmacy is located at 22nd and Taraval.  Safeway grocery store is located 5 blocks away at 17th and Taraval.  West Portal is a 15 minute walk, 3 minutes drive from the apartment and has many restaurants, banks, coffee shops and wine bars.  There is also a cinema and library there.
The Parkside neighborhood has excellent access to public transportation downtown.  This particular rental is 1.5 blocks from public transportation: "L-Taraval" MUNI Line.  This particular MUNI line goes directly to Union Square (Cable Car), The Castro, The Embarcadero, and West Portal. There are coffee shops, a laundromat, Thai food, and Sushi all within two blocks of the rental.
The Parkside/Sunset District is quiet, safe, and comprised primarily of families.  You'll be a mile from the beach, the zoo, or Golden Gate Park.  Plenty of restaurants are available on Taraval Street, which is two blocks to the south.  Yelp is a good resource for what's good in the neighborhood.
The Sunset District is a large suburban style neighborhood located in the west-central area of San Francisco, California, United States. The Sunset District is the largest district within the city of San Francisco, and with a population of over 85,000 it is also the most populous.  The area's main attractions include the San Francisco Zoo, Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach, and Lake Merced. The strip near the Pacific Ocean has a notable population of surfers who take advantage of the sometimes excellent surf conditions of Ocean Beach. Safe residential area. I have lived in Sunset for over 16 years and have never had any problems. Lots of families around. Noriega and Taraval streets have many restaurants.
The Sunset District is the largest district within the city of San Francisco! Golden Gate Park forms the neighborhood's northern border, and the Ocean beach forms its western border.  You will find the best and affordable eats just steps away from the house or within a walking distance.   You are also just 1 block away from major L-muni line, which brings you to the city center in less than 25 min.  This is the best neighborhood if you want to be a little bit away from the city noise, where you can go explore the Golden Gate Park or  walk by the Ocean beach. But whenever you need to get to the city- the metro will take you  there straight in no time! There is plenty of parking on the street, so you don't have to worry about paying gazillion of dollars to park your car.
The Sunset district is the largest district within the city of SF. This is the very convenient location if you want to be a little bit away from the city noise, but whenever you need to get to the city - the metro will take you there straight in no time. We are just 1 block away from major L-muni line, which brings you to the downtown in less than 20 min. We are 2 blocks away from Walgreens (the largest health & wellness products chain )  5-6 blocks away from  Safeway ( grocery chain).  You will find the best and affordable eats just steps away from the house or within a walking distance (just check Yelp). There are  park, tennis and basketball courts across the street. There is plenty of parking on the street, so you don't have to worry about it. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet. People can walk in our street any time, day or night, without any problems.
The Sunset is a safe and relaxing neighborhood just outside the San Francisco downtown. There are many great restaurants nearby, easy access to many SF hotspots via public transportation, and proximity to Ocean Beach and the SF Zoo. It is a pleasant area where you can enjoy ocean views and sunsets on a sunny day.
The house is in Parkside neighborhood.   1 Block south is Stern Grove Park.  1 Block north is Taraval street with lots of very good asian food to the north.  West Portal about 10min walk over the hill with many great restaurants, bars, theaters and easy access to downtown.  
The house is on a lovely, quiet, safe, and tree-lined cul-de-sac (no through road), at the border of the popular, village-like West Portal and exclusive, elegant Forest Hill neighborhoods.  NEIGHBORHOOD ATTRACTIONS:  Enjoy the short stroll to West Portal Village, with its trendy restaurants, shops, grocery, bakery, butcher, banks and movie theater. The house is also close to San Francisco State University, Stern Grove (a park with a lake, children’s playground, tennis courts and athletic fields), golf courses, the city beaches and San Francisco Zoo.
The house is one block from San Francisco’s Ocean Beach, 4 blocks from the zoo. 15-minutes walk to Lake Merced and PGA Golf course. There are several restaurants nearby. This is a quiet neighborhood for the most part but there is a bar (quiet) with music on weekends just around the corner. In Dec./Jan. the weather is usually sunny and warm (75F approximately) and the fog is gone for the year. Surfing is usually really good at this time along with just beachcombing if you like to do that.
The west portal is a lovely neighborhood with restaurants, shops, a movie theatre, and many amenities, including a train line that arrives downtown within 20 minutes or can take you to the beach and zoo. We are also a short walk from Stern Grove, West Portal Playground, and more.
There are a ton of restaurants and bars within several blocks.  If you want Asian food, there are more than you can count on Taraval.  For other cuisines, you can take the train or walk the 7 blocks to West Portal, which has every cuisine you can imagine.
This a quiet residential area close to ocean beach and parks.  - ocean beach 8 blocks away  - convenient store (Walgreen) 1 block away  - Chinese supermarket 3 blocks away - on Vicente &40th ave  - bakery store 1 block away  - L-line bus stop 1 block away    - #29 bus stop 4 blocks away
This home is in the heart of the Inner Parkside neighborhood, which also is known as the Sunset District. A residential community with a small-town feel, Inner Parkside residents enjoy proximity to the urban amenities offered by the city of San Francisco. This home is close to restaurants that feature a wide variety of cuisines, ranging from Italian to Asian. Grocery stores, coffee shops and service businesses are just minutes away. Golden Gate Park is less than two miles north, a great escape from the hectic rush of daily life.
This is a friendly, safe family neighborhood. It is quiet and right beside Pine Lake Park and Stern Grove.
This is one of the safest neighborhood in San Francisco.  Lot's of young families and friendly natives San Franciscans.  The apartment is in the Parkside neighborhood.   1 Block south is Stern Grove Park.  1 Block north is Taraval street with lots of very good asian food to the north. Some restaurants (Quickly) open late if you want evening snacks (open until 1 or 2 am). West Portal about 10min walk over the hill with many great restaurants, bars, theaters and easy access to downtown.
This stunning house is in the Sunset District situated in a quieter neighborhood in San Francisco with beautiful ocean sunsets, ande one block from Taraval in which the train shoots into downtown in 22 minutes.   Taraval is a charming neighborhood with lots of cafes and restaurants.   Its a walk or jog to both the ocean and Stern Grove park where they have music festivals on the weekends on every Sunday.   And of course Golden Gate Park the other direction about 10 blocks.   Golden Gate Park has over 13 million visitors visit this park a year, one of San Francisco's greatest treasures. Within Golden Gate Park’s 1,017 acres you’ll discover gardens, playgrounds, lakes, picnic groves, trails, and monuments, plus an array of cultural venues, events, and activities.  NEARBY *Taraval Street shops, cafes, restuarants *Taraval Train - 22 minute ride to downtown and Masconi Center *Stern Grove Park - 2 blocks away *Golden Gate Park only 12 blocks away *The Ocean and Beach - 20 blocks down * Lak
Two blocks away from taraval, which has many bars and restaurants.  The L muni is also on taraval which will take you downtown.
Walking to the beach  Running to and / or on the beach Surfing (although we don't surf but there are several surf shops nearby) Bike riding all around - Golden Gate Park is a very short ride with 2 great museumsand much more Exploring local restaurants and bars - there are several within walking distance  Golfing - there are 2 public and 1 private Golf Clubs within a 10-minute drive
We are a 10min walk from the beach. If you're looking for a neighborhood with peace and quiet, a sleepy/beachy/alternative vibe, and easy access to public transportation, the Outer Sunset is the neighborhood for you.  We are also just a block away from the “L” muni train stop (40th and Taraval street), which allows you to easily access the rest of the city. Travel times on “L” muni from the house: Castro (24min); Powell (30min); Embarcadero (37min).  But you don't have to go far to enjoy the city. There are some amazing places to enjoy within a 5-min drive of the house, including the breathtaking views of Ocean Beach, which stretches from the Cliff House to Fort Funston, Golden Gate Park, San Francisco Zoo, Land's End park (for amazing views of the Golden Gate bridge), Lake Merced (an urban lake for jogging/boating/fishing/golfing), and Stern Grove (home of a long-running free performing-arts festival, held each summer).  
We are in the Sunset district: a residential neighborhood with attached family homes, schools, restaurants and shops. The beach and zoo are only an 8-minute walk away. There are Thai, pizza, and excellent Chinese restaurants within a few blocks. A grocery store, park and playground are even closer.  The neighborhood is a bit up-and-coming, and scattered throughout are some arguably-best-in-the-city gems including a bakery, brewery, urban clothing company, surf shop and a number of restaurants. We will be happy to guide you. I'll send a pdf with info on favorite local places before you arrive, and that same information is in the online house manual.
We are located in the Sunset or Lakeside district of San Francisco. A few blocks away are grocery stores, shops, restaurants, and cafes, as well as the aforementioned lake (with trails, boating and fishing), the zoo, and Ocean Beach.
We are out of the city center located in the most peaceful San Francisco neighborhood called the "sunset district" and from our home and streets, you can see the the beautiful ocean views.   An entire private home to yourself in a quiet neighborhood.  Only 1 block over is the main street, Taravel which is full of restaurants and cafes as well as the Taraval "train", which takes you right downtown quickly in about 24 minutes   Its a walk or jog to both the ocean and Stern Grove park where they have music festivals on the weekends on every Sunday.   And of course Golden Gate Park the other direction about 10 blocks.   Golden Gate Park has over 13 million visitors visit this park a year, one of San Francisco's greatest treasures. Within Golden Gate Park’s 1,017 acres you’ll discover gardens, playgrounds, lakes, picnic groves, trails, and monuments, plus an array of cultural venues, events, and activities.    We are family friendly, dog friendly , surf friendly, easy going beach/city bums 
West Portal / Inner Parkside Living West Portal is an understated gem- a genuine San Francisco neighborhood that is comfortably inhabited by locals, and not overrun by hipsters, homelessness, and tourists.   Attractive: Enjoy ocean views, sunsets, great residential home architecture, and enjoy the relaxing chimes from the local church bells. Convenient: Located within walking distance of just about anything your heart desires-- restaurants, cafes, pubs, wine bars, groceries, dry cleaning, butcher shop, libraries, movie theater, and public parks like Stern Grove, and more. Our address has a excellent walk score rating! A transit dream, our home in one block away from the L-Taraval light rail muni stop to Downtown, 6-blocks from West Portal Station, easy access to freeways, and a few blocks from many bus lines.  Our area also receives service from a multitude of convenient on-demand mobile phone applications for food delivery, transportation, and even in-room massage services. Clean & Sa
West Portal Avenue is two blocks from the apartment and there you will find numerous restaurants , coffee shops, small boutiques, a neighborhood bookstore, pharmacy, and the local movie theater. From there you can also take public transportation to all areas of San Francisco within minutes, not hours. The West Portal and Inner Parkside district provide a true experience of a neighborhood community in an urban city; small but abundant, West Portal is a great place to stay in San Francisco. It has a lot to offer.
West Portal is a great neighborhood. There are lots of restaurants, nail salons, a movie theatre, banks and easy access to transit for dowtown.
West Portal is a lovely neighborhood in San Francisco.  It is a few blocks from the Muni station.  A few stops to the Castro, Downtown, The Embarcadero and to the East Bay.  There are many restaurants in West Portal; Indian, Peruvian, Pizza, Sushi, Middle Eastern, Chinese, Brazilian and many more.  There is a Starbuck and Peet's coffee shop, American Diners, Post Office, toy store and a theater showing new releases.
great quite neighborhood, 2 miles to the ocean beach
lots of great food, restos, shopping, close to the beach, nice escape from city madness but still close enough. great public transportation
Район Сансет открыт океану. В ясную погоду можно наблюдать восхитительные закаты.