Best to just go online and (website hidden) 'Presidio Heights'. It's truly one of the finest neighborhoods in what we think is one of the finest cities in the world.The Airbnb listing is pretty good too!  https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/presidio-heights
It's a very quiet and safe neighborhood. There are two great coffee shops just steps away. It's less than a 10 min walk to: Target, Trader Joe's, bustling Clement Street or Laurel Village that have amazing shops, restaurants and bars. The location is a great jumping off point to go exploring Presidio National Forest, Golden Gate Park, Marin and many neighborhoods!
Jordan Park is a wonderful, family neighborhood of San Francisco. Guests will feel safe and be centrally located to go explore the city!
Lake Street is a quiet, tree-lined street filled with historic, large homes. It's two blocks from the fabulous restaurants on Clement Street and steps from the Presidio and Mountain Lake Park. We are walking distance to multiple playgrounds. We are two blocks from the Sunday Farmer's Market.
Most quiet neighborhood. Beautiful homes in neighborhood on Walnut street. See photo.  This building is on the corner.
Our neighborhood is primarily residential fostering calm and quiet, yet still retains the spirit of the city peppered with local businesses and centrally located.
Our neighborhood presents a great example of the  beauty of San Francisco. There are outstanding views available on many corners and areas. Our neighborhood is considered one of the finest in the city.
Presidio Heights in nestled between the Inner Richmond and Pacific Heights neighborhood.  It is two blocks from the Presidio, and a one mile walk to GG park.  If you are a runner or walker, this is the perfect location for you!! Also close to main bus lines and Laurel Village, great restaurants and gorgeous neighborhoods.
Presidio Heights is the most well situated neighborhood in SF. Here are a few: - the presidio park is great for nature walks, bike rides, hikes and the presidio golf course -public transportation close by with full city access -Sacramento Street is lined with unique, cool, interesting stores and restaurants on  -Sacramento Street has hair, nail and cleaners nearby for convinence -easy access to groceries, pharmacy and shopping in Laurel Village
Quiet neighborhood nestled in between the Haight, Golden Gate Park, the Presidio, and Pac Heights.
Quiet, very safe neighborhood, close to Golden Gate Park and Clement Strret
San Francisco speaks for itself, but this spot is centrally located with easy access to all areas of the city. I highly recommend walking through the countless Presidio trails for breathtaking views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and SF Bay! After taking a stroll, visit Clement Street for some yummy food and GREAT deals in interesting shops.
There are terrific restaurants within a stone's throw. Laurel Village is just a few blocks away with coffee shops, cafes, restaurants, grocery stores and banks. Presidio Heights is a very private, exclusive neighborhood located in the heart of San Francisco.
This is very safe and quiet neighborhood with many shops, coffee shops and restaurants that are only a block away. The Presidio park for tennis/hiking/running etc. is only a few blocks away.
This suite is walking distance from: -a major bus line, making it easy to get around without a car using the #1 MUNI bus -the historic Presidio, with opportunities to hike, visit old army buildings, or golf - check out "Off the Grid," a community of food trucks that come to the main lawn every Thursday night and Sunday morning/afternoon -Laurel Village, a small shopping strip including, Starbucks, Walgreens, assorted restaurants and retail
Trader Joe's is a 5 minute walk away, so feel free to stock up on groceries (though not sure you'll want to in SF). The apartment has a fully functioning kitchen with updated appliances that sit in a vintage setting. It's centrally located in the heart of the city--everything is 15 minutes (drive) away (downtown, Golden Gate Park, Crissy, Ocean, Baker beaches, the Presidio, Golden Gate Bridge, shopping on Fillmore, in the Marina or Haight. It's located on a quiet and very safe "hidden" cul de sac. 
We are in the nice neighborhood of “Laurel Heights” which is the front door to the Presidio Park and the Golden Gate Bridge.   We are also two blocks away from a whole street full of restaurants, cafes, and bars.  So you get the best of both worlds here.  It’s really a beautiful area.  There are beautiful historical buildings all around us, and there is a gateway to the Presidio which is a US National Park which leads around the coast and to the Golden Gate Bridge.  I think one of the best things about where I live is you can literally go outside start your walk, jog or ride through the park, and be to the Golden Gate Bridge in 1 mile to 3 miles (depending on how you want to design your route).    You can even continue across the Golden Gate Bridge, and cross it for further breathtaking views, to enter the city of Sausalito just on the other side, a cute cozy town with everything to offer.    This adventure is breathtaking, as you will be on top of San Francisco hills and ocean side, w
We are located in Jordan Park, an upscale and quiet neighborhood that is centrally located in the city. It is a short bus ride to downtown/union square or the beach. You can also walk to Golden Gate Park to enjoy all it has to offer. There are plenty of shops and restaurants nearby – Laurel Village for grocery and casual dining, Sacramental Street for unique shops and fine dining, and Clement Street for farmers market (Sundays) and quick bites. Most of the restaurants are happy to deliver to this location, too. The Neighborhood is family friendly, and you will see people jogging on the street anytime of the day. While we don’t think you will need a car during you stay, there are also plenty of street parking.
We want you to feel at home in our apartment, you can contact us with any questions. The beauty of this neighborhood is that you can walk everywhere, but public transportation is easily nearby. For those with cars there is free street parking, as well as metered, nearby.
You will find every thing for your daily needs at a short walking distance: Starbucks, two grocery stores, a few banks, some great restaurants and many other stores if you ever feel like doing a bit of shopping. Another perk of the neighborhood is the park across the street, which has a tennis and basketball court, a children's playground and a big baseball field. Easy to get some exercise in without having to go the distance!! But if you ever feel like going on a long day hike or just having a picnic on the beach, the Presidio is a few blocks away. Crissy Fields is a great beach to jog on, and the view onto the Golden Gate Bridge is definitely picture-worthy.