"On Potrero Hill, you can relax in brilliant sunshine while watching fog engulf the rest of the city." - SF Gate "As a sunny neighborhood where you can usually find an open parking space, Potrero Hill defies San Francisco stereotypes. This quiet neighborhood hugs the curves of the city’s eastern hills, offering stunning views of the Financial District and the SF Bay. "  - https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/potrero-hill
"SoMa ...a true urban living." It is a blessed neighborhood, one of the sunniest in the city. SoMa - South of Market - is a large neighborhood, aggregating micro neighborhoods such South Beach, Mission Bay and Rincon Hill. Its skyline is dynamic and alive with new buildings and remodeling "modifying it every day". South of Market is one of the most diversified neighborhood in  San Francisco, hosting a great number of technology companies (Sales Force, Zynga, Airbnb, CBS Interactive, Lyft, Uber, Yelp, Square, Firefox, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Tweeter, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN),  etc.), cafes, bar, restaurants, clubs, theaters, museums, parks and Moscone Center. As published for one of the most respectable Real Estate firm in the city - Zephyr Real Estate - you will find this passionate description for SoMa (South of Market): "Edgy and hip, with just a hint of grit tossed in for flavor, SOMA is for the true urbanite. Homogeneous streets and manicured front lawns are no where to be 
- A 3 minute walk to Safeway and Walgreens - Lots of restaurants, cafes and spas around the area - Walk Score (90 out of 100)
- AT&T Park across the street is great for baseball games, concerts, or just to visit for a tour.  - District wine bar one block away, great menu - Philz Coffee two blocks away, the best in the Bay - Dozens of bars and restaurants all very nearby within walking distance
- Fun neighborhood with lots of sights to see all within WALKING distance - AT&T park, stadium - The Embarcadero - Waterfront restaurants and bars nearby
- Trendy SoMa and South Beach neighborhood  - 1 minute walk to the water and sea walk  - Short walk to the ferry building (5 min), AT&T Ball Park (5 min), Bay Bridge, Embarcadero (30 seconds), Moscone Conference Center, many great restaurants (Water Bar, Slanted Door, Americano), the Piers, Union Square, Financial District (10 min), art galleries, shopping, and bars within blocks. 
-Walking distance to FiDi - Tech shuttle stop of 8th and Stevenson just 2mins walk from building -Two blocks away from (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)/Uber office and also SF Fitness gym -Civic Center Bart/Muni Station 3mins walk
2 blocks from Moscone convention center, upstairs from a Whole Foods grocery store, this is a great spot for convention goers or anyone wanting a spot close to downtown. There is a Pete's coffee across the street and Epicenter Cafe downstairs on Harrison which has a good SF vibe to it. Westfield shopping mall is at Market & 5th and this is the closest BART stop. Yerba Buena Gardens is two blocks north and has a nice Samovar tea lounge as well as Target and a movie theater.  Want to see a Giants game? If it is a home game, wait until 20 minutes before the game, get on StubHub to grab a cheap ticket, then walk the 15 minutes to AT&T park. 
2 minute walk to Moscone Center/Yerba Buena Gardens; close to Whole Foods, Peets Coffee, Starbucks, notable restaurants – Bluestem, Lulu, ZeroZero, LeCharm, Gintu, Keystone, Hakkasan, Ame, Thirsty Bear, Grove. 3 blocks to Powell Street and Montgomery BART; 10 minute walk to Financial District. Muni/Streetcars/Cable Cars 1-4 blocks away; Union Square, easy 12 minute walk. 15 minute walk to AT&T Park. Will provide guest "My Favorites List" with much more information! See my photos of some favorite places.
5 min walk to Union square and 3 min walk to Westfield mall
95 Mc Coppin is the perfect spot to be. The biggest asset is the convenience to walk to so many Neighborhoods Hayes Valley,Civic Center, Down Town San Francisco, the Castro, Soma. My place is at the start of Valencia street which is the must popular and wonderful street which goes across the Mission area for about 35 blocks. Lots to do there. Great people watching, drinking and fabulous eating around.
==================================== =(URL HIDDEN) RECOMMENDATIONS & ARE(URL HIDDEN) == ==================================== Groceries: SAFEWAY: open from 5AM to midnight 7 days a week - right in front of the entrance. WHOLE FOOD: is a few block away on 4th street. WALGREENS is on 4th and Townsend St. There is a 24/7 coffee shop on 4th and King. Not recommended unless you're starving at 4am (That happens when you're jet lag ;) ). _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_- GOOD COFEE: Phil's coffee is BY FAR the best coffee shop around the building (on Berry street and 4th). Highly recommended. You will find a starbucks and a Panera bread right in front of the entrance : Panera is on 4th and King and Starbuck is next to Safeway on King Street. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_- GOOD RESTAURANTS walking distance: Umami Burger: High Quality Burgers on King Street, right next to Starbucks. Momo's: great restaurant very crowded during AT&T events. Marlowe: expensive but excellent and cosy: invite your girlfrie
A bunch of new restaurants, bars and cafes are popping up in the neighborhood. Some of the best coffee and bars in the city are only blocks away. Check out the guide book for some of my favorites.
AT&T Park The Yard at AT&T Park Cafe Reveille The Market Hall UCSF Mission Bay STEM SF Mission Rock Resort Dogpatch Lucky Strike Bowling Bluxome Street Winery Local Brewing Co
Amazing location across the street from the Caltrain and AT&T park where Metallica will be performing on Saturday night of Superbowl weekend. Starbucks within 100 steps, connected to Safeway grocery store, across the street from Panera Bread, sushi, Philz Coffee, nail salon, and many other restaurants.
Amazing neighborhood. Many high-end restaurant near by as well as a high end grocery store.
Around the corner from the San Francisco Bay with stunning views of the Bay Bridge.
Awesome location at the intersection of SOMA, Mission, and Hayes Valley. Minutes walk to Bart, Muni, and highway entrance is seconds away. Supermarket available next door, great restaurants, bars, and coffee shops like Zuni, Burma Love, Zeitgeist and Four Barrel (to name a few) all walking distance.
Awesome neighborhood. -3 blocks away from AT&T ball park -2 blocks from South Park -3 blocks away from SFMOMA/Yerba Buena Center/Metreon/Target -Close to Embarcadero/Union Square/Financial District -Close to CalTrain/BART -Tons of restaurants/cafes near by: Osha Thai, Ruchi, Garaje, Philz Coffee, and many more 
By the water, safe, more sun than other neighborhoods, easy walk to shopping and ample restaurants, many conveniences on-site.
Caltrain and MUNI Stations are a walk away.  A wonderful bookstore/coffee place is right downstairs, by the bay.  Bustling bars and restaurants all around.  Just a few blocks from the Ferry Building and the Financial District.
Centrally located in SOMA with walking access to great restaurants (Radius, Zero Zero, Pinkies Bakery, etc.), grocery (Whole Foods, City Beer Store,Trader Joes), night-life, shopping (Union Square, Target, Costco), work (Dropbox, Airbnb, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), etc.) and public transportation. 
Check out Tempest, the neighborhood bar
Close proximity to entertainment, shopping and financial district.
Close to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) HQ and market.
Close to Market street Moscone Conference Center, Embarcadero, Bay Bridge, Union Square, Financial District, Tweeting company and transportation app starting with U. Plenty of delicious restaurants, art galleries, shopping, and bars within blocks from us -1min walk to Grocery store  -15min walk to CalTrain -1min by walk to Market Street and Union Square
Close to Market street Moscone Conference Center, Embarcadero, Bay Bridge, Union Square, Financial District, Tweeting company and transportation app starting with U. Plenty of delicious restaurants, art galleries, shopping, and bars within blocks from us -1min walk to Grocery store  -15min walk to CalTrain -1min by walk to Market Street and Union Square 
Close to everything in the city! SOMA is literally blocks away from downtown shopping, theaters, Mission District, Castro, Wharf, Giants stadium, and a simple 30min Bart ride to SFO or Oakland airports.... Restaurants and plenty of culture everywhere you look
Close to many SF startups, downtown, interesting cafe's, restaurants, bars, and downtown convention centers.
Close to many great restaurants, cafes, bars. A short walk away from bustling Union Square.
Conveniently located in Rincon Hill, a fashionable and prestigious residential neighborhood in San Francisco. This unit gives you a breathtaking view of the beautiful San Francisco Bay as well as the best amenities that you could ever asked for.
Designated SOMA-West or McCoppin Hub, the Neighborhood in between Civic Center and the Castro is a rising destination with the recent completion of a skate park, dog park, and food-truck park in close proximity as are Zuni Cafe, Brazilian Steakhouse, Delasio's Bakery, Pauline's Pizza, KFC/Taco Bell, Flax Art and Design Store, Martuni's Bar, the LGBT Community Center and more.
Downtown, SOMA
Downtown, what can I say?  You do not need a car, everything you could possibly dream of is at your finger tips here in a gorgeous part of the City
Easy access to the entire city either by foot, the metro (civic center station is one minute away) or by Uber/ Lyft & Taxis from right outside the building.
Easy highway access to all interstates: 80, 101, 280.  Enjoy the cafes, boutiques and trendy new eateries on Valencia and Mission Streets, the next hotspot neighborhood in San Francisco.
Enjoy a prime location close to San Francisco’s Financial District, The Embarcadero, the Ferry Building, and the new Transbay Terminal.
Everything is nearby. You can walk to restaurants, bars, clubs, convention center, grocery stores (Whole Foods and Safeway) or you can take a quick Uber ride to just about anywhere in short order. This unit has received a 98 walk score. Paid parking is usually available in the street.  Meters are active Monday to Saturday from 9am - 6pm.  Be cautious because there is street cleaning that occurs daily around 4am and you could be ticketed. In general we don't recommend bringing a car to the city.  There is plenty of transportation available like Uber and Lyft.
Excellent and diverse restaurants, art and culture all within walking distance.
Fantastic neighborhood with restaurants and cafes steps away from your door. Also, very close to Moscone Center, Market St, Union Square, AT&T Ballpark and more.
Few blocks away from downtown and a quite area overall.
Folsom Street is a GEM. There's breweries, wine shops, museums, parks and pretty much everything within walking distance. I would hit up Brainwash — it's a comedy club and a laundry mat - but they have bomb food! Top places with views close by: The View, El Techo. Top food: lo linda (peruvian restauraunt). Check out the MOMA it's brand new museum of modern art. Top coffee: Blue Bottle (mint plaza) or Sight Glass (around the corner).
Great bars, restaurants, centrally located and convenient. The townhouse is in a quiet little alley, but is near a lot of popular San Francisco nightlife spots.
Great location in SoMa, with short walk to great restaurants, bars, coffee shops, etc, and short Uber ride to the Mission, Potrero, Hayes Valley, and many other great areas.
Great location, great restaurants, convenient grocery store on the first floor of the building. We minutes from Financial district if you are here for work. Best city in the world.
Great welcoming neighborhood with lots to offer. Bars, shopping, restaurants etc. 
Grocery store: Safeway, Walgreens Bank: Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America Food: McDonald's, Taco Bell, Umami Burger, Amici's, etc (too many to list) Coffee: Starbucks, Philz coffee, etc Transportation: Muni (Bus and street car), Caltrain Everything above within 1-2 blocks.
Heart of SOMA! Steps from AT&T ballpark, Caltrain and many amazing restaurants, bars, coffee shops and startups. Easy access to the Embarcadero and much more.
Heart of SoMa which means brand new, high end facilities with high end amenities.
High-end community
I love living in the central SOMA / Mid-market neighborhood, which has easy access to most of the city and is surrounded by several big tech companies. Transportation on MUNI/BART/BUS is super easy and the nearby restaurants and bars are great.
I love the sites from up here. Great view of the city! Also love that there is a park, Safeway and Walgreens across the street. You feel like you are out of the city but, you are very close. It's just the hills are so steep that you look over the city.
I love the walk-proximity to Union Square and the Moscone Center... The selection of restaurants/bars just around the corners is awesome.  Up the street on mission is a higher end restaurant, AQ. Half a block down on 7th is likely the best coffee house in the city Sight Glass. Down the street on Folsom are a number of solid neighborhood bars and restaurants including my favorite gourmet greasy spoon Citizens Band. Bloodhound and Cellar Marker are great neighborhood bars.  Bart and MUNI are just one block up the street at the Civic Center station.
I'm located at the beginning of the mission district, technically in SOMA, not even a 1/2 block from Valencia which is the Mission's most lively street. Ask anyone in the city and they will agree you are in the most central location around. Hayes valley, the Castro, Lower Haight, and SOMA are all only a few blocks walk. You could not be in a better location!
Ideally located in one of SOMA's most sought-after neighborhoods, this luxury building is steps away from the Financial District, Downtown's Union Square and Theater District, the SF MoMA, the Embarcadero, the Moscone Center, the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts,  AT&T Ball Park, the Ferry Building.  You're right in the midst of the best San Francisco city life. Hip bars, clubs, and specialty coffee cafes hide among SoMa’s increasing number of vacant industrial warehouses awaiting renovation.  The SoMA Neighborhood features: 5 minute walk to Moscone convention center 7 minute walk to SF MoMA  10 minute walk to Union Square  15 minute walk to SF Giants baseball stadium 15 minute walk to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), SalesForce, Microsoft Four blocks to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Four blocks from BART/Muni Less than a mile from the Castro One block to the entrance to 101 or 280 towards Silicon Valley Adjacent to Mission District 20 minute walk to Ferry Buildin
Ideally located in one of SOMA's most sought-after neighborhoods, this luxury building is steps away from the Financial District, Downtown's Union Square and Theater District, the SF MoMA, the Embarcadero, the Moscone Center, the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, the AT&T Ball Park, the Ferry Building. You're right in the midst of the best San Francisco city life.
In addition to the many perks of this condo, the neighborhood of Yerba Buena serves up a bounty of great restaurants, parks, shopping venues and clubs. Shop at the premier Westfield San Francisco Centre that houses 200 stores or stroll the quaint boutiques with one-of-a-kind finds.  Savor the great food in many cuisines from nearby grab-and-eateries and four-star dining venues. And when the sun goes down, the Yerba Buena neighborhood comes alive with bars and lounges for socializing and dancing. There are also art galleries, museums and theaters. All around, Yerba Buena is an urban oasis. Grab your slice of it!
In the heart of SOMA, near Caltrain station, BART, market street, Airbnb, Dropbox, and other start-ups. Close to Moscone center and accessible to conferences! 2 blocks away from a Safeway supermarket, and Walgreen's Pharmacy. Walking distance to Whole Foods.
In the heart of SOMA, next to Caltrain station, MUNI, market street, BART, Airbnb, Dropbox, and other start-ups. Close to Moscone center (20 min walk) and accessible to conferences! 2 blocks (6 min walk) away from a Caltrain, Safeway supermarket, and Walgreen's Pharmacy.
In the heart of SOMA, this home is conveniently located steps from the BART/Muni, and situated close to the Moscone Convention Center, Financial District and plenty of amazing eateries!
In the heart of SOMA, very close to freeway, shopping district, restaurants, and supermarkets.
In the middle of the city/everything. Walkability and access to public transit is also a huge plus. Just off Market Street, near Union Square shopping as well.
In the middle of vibrant SOMA downtown San Francisco where you are close to everything; nice restaurants, bars, cafés and food shops.
In the middle the hip and vibrant SOMA area.
It (SoMa/Mid-Market) is an amazing place to live in because you have easy access to the whole city, and  all of the surrounding big tech companies. Every cool spot is right around the corner from you. For example, there's day-drinking & eating in Hayes-Valley, exploring the nightlife in the Mission and SoMa, or taking in the tourist sights near Union Square. There are Cafes, Day Spas, Dining, Furniture & Antiques, Grocery, Movie Theaters, Museums, Performing Arts, Pharmacies, Pubs & Taverns, Shoe, Shopping Malls, Sporting Goods stores all located close by.
It has to be amongst the most convenient places in San Francisco. If you're on business, you're a über or taxi away, or even a walk if you're up for it. We have a lot of high end restaurants in the area. If you like baseball, you won't even break a sweat walking to the stadium. You're also very close to the water, so a relaxing walk down the Embarcadero is a cool morning or evening treat; seeing the Bay Bridge at night is truly breathtaking with its new art installation (pretty lights). Look at "Getting Around" for more information. We have the main SF Police Department on 6th and Bryant (1 Block Away) so it is one of the safest parts of the city, as well as the SFFD on the next block over as well. We will also provide guidance in your travels; which places to avoid and at what times. You are safe, we would never live here otherwise.
It has to be amongst the most convenient places in San Francisco. If you're on business, you're a über or taxi away, or even a walk if you're up for it. We have a lot of restaurants in the area. If you like baseball, you won't even break a sweat walking to the stadium. Look at "Getting Around" for more information. We have the main SF Police Department on 6th and Bryant (Few Block Away) so it is one of the safest parts of the city, as well as the SFFD on the next block over as well. We will also provide guidance in your travels; which places to avoid and at what times. You are safe, we would never live here otherwise.
It is so central making it the perfect location for visitors. It's walking distance to Hayes Valley, which has amazing shops and restaurants.  There are also fantastic restaurants across the street and The Market is great for picking up groceries or prepared food. Located near several major tech companies.  Easy access to downtown and SOMA.  Only 20 minutes from SFO airport - pending time of day and traffic of course!
It's just as quick to walk to hip restaurants and biergartens as it is to stop by the ballet or symphony. North you can get locally famous Ice Cream at Smitten, see the Painted Ladies, wander into Japantown or bike the Wiggle up to the Golden Gate bridge. South you'll be entertained by the vibrant and well-costumed nightlife. Eastward you'll find great shopping, and iconic tourist stops.
It's totally center of San Francisco downtown
It's trendy convenient and near everything.
It's very central. Waking distance to Union Square, Moscone Center, Powell cable car, Westfield center, W hotel, hotel Zetta, St Regis hotel, countless restaurants and bars.
Its close to all the best parts of the city! Many excellent restaurants are within just a few block of the house, including a 3-star Michelin restaurant. With a central location, its easy to get to many of the other popular neighborhoods. You can also gawk at some of the biggest startups in the world as you walk - Pinterest, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Airbnb, Uber, Code for America and Square are all our neighbors We are in an 'up and coming' neighborhood. While there are plenty of great things nearby, there are some 'interesting' characters that find their way onto our street. They can seem concerning, but we have never once had a problem with them and regularly go out at night without being overly concerned. However, it is a city, so you do need to be aware of your surroundings.
Local breweries, wineries & bars within a block each direction. Great places to eat--fast-casual as well as Michelin 3 stars within 10 minutes walk. Nearly 24-hour convenience/liquor store nearby. Cal Train and grocery store both within a 5 min walk.
Located in SOMA, half a block away from Moscone Center, steps away Union Square, and the Yerba Buena center, you don't even have to bother with driving!
Located in SOMA, my place is located half a block away from Moscone Center, and steps away from Union Square, and the Yerba Buena center, you don't even have to bother with driving!
Located in SOMA, steps away from Moscone Center, Union Square, and the Yerba Buena center, you don't even have to bother with driving!
Located in gritty SOMA. Lots of trendy bars, nightclubs, and restaurants within easy walking distance. Union Square, Moscone Center and Yerba Buena park are within one mile, and the Embarcadero is within 1.5 miles. All are very walkable.
Located in the SOMA/South Beach neighborhood, our place is within walking distance of tons of great neighborhood bars and restaurants, as well as the Ferry Building, AT&T Park, the Moscone Center & Union Square. Being close to downtown also allows for easy access to cabs, Uber, and public transit that can take you anywhere in the city. During the week the neighborhood is full of 9-5ers in casual attire since South Beach is home to many start-ups. Weekends tend to be much quieter- unless there is a baseball game.  The neighborhood is relatively safe, but we always recommend being "street smart" as you would in any urban environment (i.e. be aware of your surroundings, lock the doors when you are out and overnight, don't leave valuables out, etc).
Located in the heart of SOMA (South of Market Area)  The condo is within easy walking distance to the Moscone Convention Center, Union Square shopping district, SF Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA) and AT&T Baseball Park (go GIANTS!).
Located near the border of Civic Center and SOMA. Conveniently located around many great attractions.
Located on a quaint Mission Dolores tree lined street, this home is everywhere you want to be. A restaurant for every taste, a bar for every predilection, galleries, shopping, antique revivals, parks, tech busses; it's all here and more.
Loft is centrally located in San Francisco with Bart/Muni Civic Center station only two blocks away.  Walk to Folsom between 7th and 8th streets for restaurants, bars, wine  & coffee.  This is inner city living in the heart of San Francisco.
Loft is ideally located near SOMA, Mission Bay and South Beach.  This area has many restaurants, wine bars, coffee shops and is close to many transit options.  It is easy walking distance to theaters, Metreon, museums, shopping, Ball Park and convention center.
Lots of places to go out at night, restaurants, and the best coffee in the city right around the corner. 
Mint Plaza provides a welcome social gathering space and destination with thoughtful design, beautifully-restored historic architecture and a unique mix of San Francisco-based cafes and restaurants, Mint Plaza is an oasis in the city, a quiet walkable retreat that’s home to Blue Bottle, Mint 54 Italian Kitchen, Oro, Sushi Hashiri, and an ever-changing mix of music, art and community events. Mint Plaza is centrally located between Market St., Mission St. and 5th St. it is nestled in the heart of the famed Union Square (5 min' walk) directly across from the Westfield San Francisco Centre. Yerba Buena Gardens, Moscone Center, and an abundance of restaurants and cafés, gourmet grocery stores, hotels, acclaimed shops, galleries, museums, and entertainment venues, including SF MOMA and Sony Metreon are within a few short blocks; the chic Hotel Zetta and The Cavalier are just across the street.  The Westfield San Francisco Centre is home to the West Coast flagship of Bloomingdale’s, the secon
Mission Bay and its surroundings feature quiet streets with plenty of on-street parking, cafes, restaurants, dog parks and much more coming soon — it's a bustling and actively developing community! There is a FREE Mission Bay shuttle which takes you around Downtown SF, SoMa & Mission Bay areas.
Mission Bay is the fastest growing neighborhood in the city.  Just outside our door is a beautiful waterfront and serene park but we are also a few steps away from all of the action at AT&T park.  You can easily walk or take public transit to the Ferry Building, SOMA, Union Square, and the Mission.
Mission Bay is the most convenient neighborhood in San Francisco. It is within a five minute walk to the Caltrain, Metro Muni, Moscone Center, grocery stores, restaurants, bars, public parks, as well as the San Francisco Giants AT&T park!
Mission Bay. This neighborhood is very beautiful and safe with several restaurants, coffee shops, wine shop, and other cool stuff within 1-2 blocks. Nearby outdoor parks with walking/running trails. Public transportation is very convenient. There are two MUNI rail stops, one MUNI bus stop, and a Caltrain station all within three blocks of the building. There is also a Mission Bay Shuttle that can take you around the neighborhood and downtown SF.  Kayaking, grocery stores, pharmacies, and bowling alley all within 2-3 blocks.  Restaurants/bars to check out:  Twenty Five Lusk Alchemist Bar & Lounge Les Clos District SF
Mission bay is an amazing neighborhood in SF. Walking distance to many restaurants, 2 min walk to AT&T park and right next to Caltrain and bus line!
Modern neighborhood in Soma/Mission bay.  AT&T ballpark.
Moscone Center is 5 min walking distance from our house!
Nearby - Pampalasa (Michelin Guide 2016 Recommended Filipino Restaurant) is on the same block as this unit - Citizen's Band (Hipster American restaurant) - 1 block - AK Subs (Delicious, creative sandwiches) - 1 block - Rocco's Cafe (Homestyle Italian restaurant) - 2 blocks - Sextant Coffee Roasters (Great vibes, great coffee) - 2 blocks - Sightglass Coffee (Trendy, huge coffee shop) - 3 blocks - City Beer Store Bar (Hands down the best craft beers on draft in the city)  - 1  block - Cellarmaker Brewing company (Excellent craft IPAs) - 3 blocks - Fitness SF Gym - 3 blocks - BART/Muni - 3 blocks  - Trader Joe's - 2 blocks - Rainbow Grocery (vegetarian co-op) - 4 blocks
Neighborhood is all young professionals mostly working in tech, given that all the tech startups are in SOMA.
Neighborhood is excellent. Filled with young professionals and businesses to eat and be social at.
Neighborhood is generally quiet and relaxed. We would call it an oasis of peace in the city.
On a quite and safe Col de sac in the heart of SOMA, nested up against a small garden oasis.  Almost all of the city noise is eliminated. Easy access to the Moscone Center, Convention Center, Financial District. Yerba Buena Gardens, Museums/Galleries, Union Square, Metreon, are all only a few blocks away. Three blocks from the Civic Center Bart Station.  Feet off Folsom street you have your pick of amazing restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. Parking can be arranged too depending on size of the vehicle.
On the same block as DNA lounge, Slim's, Bar Agricole, Beatbox, Butter, Audio and other excellent nightclubs. SOMA StrEat Food Park is at the end of the block.
One of the New York City's liveliest and trendiest neighborhoods, the Lower East Side offers countless restaurants, shops, bars, nightclubs, art galleries and performance venues for you to enjoy. (Pianos, Spitzer's, Schiller's, Beauty and Essex, Arlene's Grocery, The Box and GalleryBar are just a few nightlife examples). The neighborhood is dynamic, safe and has a lot to offer historically - in the past it served as home to so many of the city's immigrants that it even has its own museum (The Tenement Museum). Staying in the Lower East Side is easy, with food, other supplies and laundry readily available and close by. There is a laundromat less than one block from the apartment where you can wash or have your clothing washed, and a grocery store in the very building next door. Also the subway is about a minute away, and there are many lines. When you are ready to explore further, you can check out other stylish neighborhoods nearby, including SOHO, Greenwich Village, the East Village, 
One of the ever-changing neighborhoods in San Francisco. It's both gritty and hip.
One of the sunniest neighborhoods in SF! Therefore, also, one of the warmest! Great location to explore everything that SF has to offer. Mission Bay is nicely located between the bay and Twin Peaks. You'll have a front row seat to the developing fog over the east side of the city as you have a glass of Napa wine on the balcony!
Our house is in a great location in western SOMA (4min walk to bart or Muni - 20min to caltrain), and its also close to amenities in the (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)loin, plus TJ's and Costco are 4 blocks away!
Our neighborhood has a remarkable mix of people on the streets.  I walk about 2 miles a day with our dog Emit - a miniature Schnauzer.  Good exercise for me and for Emit.  There is a remarkable and diverse mixture of people in the SOMA neighborhood.  In recent years there is an increase of younger men and women working in the new Tech startups. Our neighborhood is also home to a range of lower income people mixed with others making new homes in the expanding live/work housing units.  I see more smiles than scowls in our diverse neighborhood.  Regardless of our collective diversity we count our good fortune for living in such a tolerant and progressive part of the U.S. As in all the central-core neighborhoods of San Francisco, there are homeless people scattered in SOMA. I have never regarded them as threatening.  Most are friendly and polite.  They are a small part of our landscape.  At night the streets are brightly lighted and there is a constant flow of SOMA residents walking about 
Perfectly located within walking distance to restaurants, Moscone center, popular Hayes Valley and many more
Potrero hill is a sunny neighborhood in SF by the water with easy access to trains & buses to get around. Many small restaurants nearby, as well as a trader joes and whole foods both 4 blocks away. Lots of recommendations for parks to visit and things to do in the city.
Quiet and nice neighborhood
Quiet, newly renovated neighborhood
Quiet, residential street close to AT&T Park and commute options. Walking distance to grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants and bars. Fantastic places to eat and drink nearby - see my guidebook! (URL HIDDEN)
Right in the heart of SOMA. Just three blocks to Market Street. Ten minute walk to Union Square, Westfield Mall, and BART stations.
Right in the middle of SOMA
Right on the cusp of the up-and-coming gorgeous Mission Bay and the well-established, hustling-and-bustling SOMA.
SOMA (South of Market) is an incredibly central spot, steps from AT&T Park, some of the best food and drinks in the city and a ~15 minute walk to downtown San Francisco. Hop on the Muni right outside the building and take a 10 minute ride to the Mission district, Hayes Valley and any other popular spot in the city.
SOMA area of San Francisco walking distance to Cal Train & BART many restaurants, bars, cafes, grocery stores, super markets in walking distance
SOMA district with tons of great food and nightlife within walking distance.
SOMA is a beautiful neighborhood with lots of good restaurants and interesting bars to explore, as well as a great location relative to the oceanfront.
SOMA is a bustling neighborhood full of tech businesses and cultural hubs. These include: - Many of the largest tech companies located in SOMA (Dropbox, Airbnb, Yelp, Dropbox, Pinterest) - Cultural centers include the SF Museum of Modern Art, SOMArts, Metreon -Bars, restaurants, convenience stores all within walking distance
SOMA is a dynamic new neighborhood with some great hidden gem restaurants and bars I'm happy to share with you. It used to be more industrial and is now a hub for tech startups, new residences and restaurants. As with many neighborhoods in San Francisco there are the occasional homeless people sleeping on the sidewalk but it is generally safe if you avoid the area around 6th and market.
SOMA is a neighborhood in SanFrancisco like no other. The apartment is steps away from AT&T Park where the World Series Champion Giants play. A short walk to Moscone conference centers.
SOMA is a prime location with many tourists, shopping, and food! The Westfield Mall, Yerba Buena Garden, Target, Wholefoods, and Moscone Convention Center are all within 5 mins walking distance. The area is extremely convenient and safe.
SOMA is an incredibly dynamic and developing neighborhood. There are a lot of great restaurants, clubs, wine bars and cafes nearby. NOTE: it's not your picture postcard painted ladies/victorian type of a neighborhood. It is the former "warehouse" district which is now ground zero for start-ups and tech heavy hitters. (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) headquarters are two blocks away towards Market St -  AirBnB headquarters about three blocks the other way. The Moscone Center is about four blocks away so you can walk to it in about 15 minutes (or take BART/MUNI one stop). It's a very happening part of town and centrally located so you can easily get to downtown, Hayes Valley, The Mission, Nob Hill, Potrero Hill and anywhere MUNI and BART can take you. Part of being centrally located downtown in a non-traditional residential neighborhood is that you do have to encounter the homeless more than other parts of the town. As with any major city, the best course of action is to treat them with respe
SOMA is arguably the nicest, cleanest, and lively neighborhood in terms of nightlife (plenty of nice cocktail bars, and clubs in south SOMA) and a variety of quality restaurants.
SOMA is at the heart of SF's tech hub. Close to transportation (CALTRAIN, Muni, bart), Union Square shopping mall and plenty of hip restaurants and cafe.
SOMA is great- it's exciting, gritty, and home to incredible restaurants, bars, clubs, and lounges.
SOMA is in the heart of SF and close to everything. The neighborhood itself plays host to numerous restaurants and bars (happy to give out recommendations). Best way to do SF is to get out and explore and SOMA is the best starting point!
SOMA is lively during the week, a little dead on weekends, but for me that's a good thing. Best of both worlds and walkable to literally everywhere in SF (I've done it believe me).
SOMA is startup central conveniently placed in the heart of SOMA
SOMA is startup central. If you're visiting for a business trip, this is a perfect space for you!
SOMA is the heart of SF. The innovative side of the financial district and also one of the hot bed's of SF's gentrification. A multitude of coffee shops regulars, international relocations, entrepreneurs and homeless folks make it the colorful front line of the city.
Safe neighborhood.
Situated on the corner of 9th and Market, the main artery of San Francisco. Down the street is Super Bowl City and a block away is access to BART/MUNI, the main transportation to the Super Bowl in Santa Clara.
SoMA is a large neighborhood -- our part of it (near South Park) is the most clean and (in our opinion) charming. A hub for start-up offices, many companies have their headquarters within a few blocks of our building.  Close to Bart and Muni, this area is convenient to everything and in the midst of it all.
SoMa Neighborhood features:  local restaurant & bar recommendations provided at check in. 5 minute walk to Moscone convention center 7 minute walk to SF MoMA 10 minute walk to Union Square 20 minute walk to SF Giants baseball stadium 25 minute walk to Ferry Building Market Place 1 hour drive to Sonoma/Napa Wine country
SoMa Neighborhood features: local restaurant & bar recommendations provided at check in. 5 minute walk to Moscone convention center 7 minute walk to SF MoMA 10 minute walk to Union Square 20 minute walk to SF Giants baseball stadium 25 minute walk to Ferry Building Market Place
SoMa Neighborhood: - The apartment is located on Bluxome Street between 5th and 6th street. - The neighborhood is a patchwork of warehouses, swanky nightspots, art spaces, loft apartments, furniture showrooms and successful Internet companies such as airbnb, Lyft, and Zynga. - The apartment is only a few blocks away of South Park, the Giants ballpark, the Contemporary Jewish Museum, Yerba Buena Gardens, The Moscone Convention Center and Union Square.
SoMa has been a popular location for tech startup offices for quite a while, spurring great new restaurants, lunch spots and bars all around us. More recently, it's become a popular spot to live, with easy access to other vibrant neighborhoods like the Mission, Castro and Potrero Hill.
SoMa is a rough but gentrifying neighborhood. Lots of great bars, restaurants, and services abound within easy walking distance. Many startups call this area home.
SoMa is a very lively area of SF, you are waking distance from the heart of the city bars, restaurants, Shops, Movie theaters, you have everything you need less than 15 minutes away from the apartment. 
SoMa is great, but be careful around 6th street later in the evening. 
SoMa is home to many of the city's museums, to the headquarters of several major software and Internet companies like (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) and Salesforce and to the Moscone conference center. The place is close to BART/Muni, walking distance to Union Square & Moscone center. About 5-10 mins walk to nearby  of bars, clubs and restaurant in the neighborhood.  walking distance to: 5 mins to Urban harvest Market (grocery) 10 mins to Trader Joes. 20 mins to REI.
SoMa is home to many of the city's museums, to the headquarters of several major software and Internet companies like (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), AirBnB and Salesforce. A short walkable distance to the Moscone center and Union square
SoMa is home to many of the city's museums, to the headquarters of several major software and Internet companies like (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), AirBnB and Salesforce. A short walkable distance to the Moscone center and Union square.
SoMa is home to many of the city's museums, to the headquarters of several major software and Internet companies, and to the Moscone conference center. Once home to warehouses and dilapidated Victorian houses, SoMa saw an artistic and club culture revival in the 1980s. By the time of the Internet boom of the 1990s, the "live-work" buildings of this area had become prime real estate, and the artists and musicians who had made it cool could no longer afford the sky-high rentals.
SoMa is quickly becoming a more popular place to live, particularly for those who work in the tech industry as the neighborhood is home to many of their offices. Great coffee spots, bars and a range of restaurants are available, all within a reasonable walking distance. Do be aware that some streets are better walked during the day than night. I generally feel very safe walking/biking around but am happy to give you my streetwise tips if you do plan on exploring and aren't familiar with the area.
SoMa's colorful culture character brings together a melting pot of personalities. Tech-savvy entrepreneurs rub elbows with beatniks who've held down the city for decades . Hip bars, clubs, and specialty coffee houses are nestled throughout the neighborhood. On game days, large crowds flock to SoMa - San Francisco's home to World Series winning Giants
SoMa/ South Beach - heart of SF, walking istance to downtown (10 minutes) Walking distance to the transbay terminal and busses that go throughout the city - as well as a 5 minute walk to the bart/muni subway staions. Located near the at&t Ballpark, and 2 minutes walk to the water and bay bridge, as well as the ferry building. Farmers market only a block away every saturday.  Surrounded by amazing restaurants from delicious whole in the walls to Michelin rated cuisine.
SoMa/South Beach is home to some of the most creative + innovative companies in the Bay, and also conveniently situated along the beautiful San Francisco waterfront. Catch a Giants game down the street at AT&T Ball Park, and take a short stroll/jog along the water to to Ferry Plaza for fresh produce from the Farmer's Market, before embarking on a historic walk through North Beach. If you're looking to experience the culture of San Francisco's past and future, SoMa/South Beach is an ideal base! We're within walking distance to many startups + tech companies in the area, including Dropbox, Airbnb, Splunk, Twilio, Tilt, and more.
Soma 
Soma is at the center of startup life in SF and easily connected with other areas. From the apartment you can get all over the city quickly! AT&T Park (giants stadium) -10 minute walk Union Square (great shopping!)- 5 minute walk Chinatown- 10 minute walk Fisherman's Wharf (Pier 39) - 15 minute cab North Beach (Little Italy) - 20 minute walk of 5 minute cab Bay Bridge/Embarcadero - 10 minute walk Mission District- 15 minutes on Bart or 10 minute cab East Bay/Berkeley- 20 minute Bart
Soma is jumping.  Tons of restaurants and clubs and things to do all the time!
Soma is the land of techies and entrepreneurs. VC's and hogwarts. Enjoy!
Soma's great. Especially if you have any work to do downtown. Close to museums, Yerba Buena Gardens, Moscone Center, good eats, and freeway. Very close to Bay Bridge (East Bay)
Some great restaurants walking distance.
Some of the best restaurants in the city in walking distance.  Convenient grocery store located on first floor of the building.  Recommended Food Spots: Town Hall Ozumo (Sushi) Palomino Salt House Roys (Steak House) Epic Steak Water Bar Slanted Door (Located in Ferry Building) Hog Island Oyster Co. (Located in Ferry Building)
Some of the best restaurants in the city in walking distance. Convenient grocery store located on first floor of the building. Recommended Food Spots: Town Hall Ozumo (Sushi) Palomino Salt House Roys (Steak House) Epic Steak Water Bar Slanted Door (Located in Ferry Building) Hog Island Oyster Co. (Located in Ferry Building)
South Beach has amazing views of the San Francisco Bay. You can enjoy the beautiful view from the benches on Embarcadero between Brannan and Townsend. This is my favorite spot to just relax and clear my mind. Unlike other parts of Embarcadero there are very few tourists and the only people you are going to find are joggers.
South Beach is the hip, new neighborhood just minutes from incredible museums, parks, shops, restaurants and nightlife.
South Beach’s once dilapidated waterfront warehouses have been transformed into shining towers packed with modern apartments and luxury suites. As San Francisco revamped this conveniently located industrial no-man’s land, trendy clubs and chic cafes quickly set up shop. Respected for its salty sea breeze and picturesque views of the bay, South Beach’s stark cleanliness presents a distinctly different side of San Francisco.
South of Market (or SoMa) is a relatively large neighborhood in San Francisco, California, United States which is located just south of Market Street. SoMa is home to many of the city's museums, to the headquarters of several major software and Internet companies, SF Giants' AT&T park, Metreon, San Francisco Westfield Mall, and to the Moscone conference center
South of Market is a huge district, sprawling from the Embarcadero to Eleventh Street, between Market and Townsend. The neighborhood is a patchwork of warehouses, swanky nightspots, residential hotels, art spaces, loft apartments, furniture showrooms and the tenacious Internet companies that survived the tech market collapse. Although a lot of building has gone on in recent years, it is still not densely developed. You can walk several desolate blocks before suddenly finding a hopping restaurant. Most of the action can be found in four general areas: by South Park and the Giants ballpark, Moscone, around the SF MOMA and Yerba Buena gardens, and over by Folsom and Eleventh Street. SoMa, as it's known, sounds a little like a SoHo wannabe, and it does have a strong downtown vibe.  The western end of the district is the most industrial, and is dominated by huge wholesale marts and superstores like Costco and Bed, Bath & Beyond. Originally this made it an ideal zone for loud nightclubs, but
South of Market is a huge district, sprawling from the Embarcadero to Eleventh Street, between Market and Townsend. The neighborhood is a patchwork of warehouses, swanky nightspots, residential hotels, art spaces, loft apartments, furniture showrooms and the tenacious Internet companies that survived the tech market collapse. Although a lot of building has gone on in recent years, it is still not densely developed. You can walk several desolate blocks before suddenly finding a hopping restaurant. Most of the action can be found in four general areas: by South Park and the Giants ballpark, Moscone, around the SF MOMA and Yerba Buena gardens, and over by Folsom and Eleventh Street. SoMa, as it's known, sounds a little like a SoHo wannabe, and it does have a strong downtown vibe. The western end of the district is the most industrial, and is dominated by huge wholesale marts and superstores like Costco and Bed, Bath & Beyond. Originally this made it an ideal zone for loud nightclubs, but 
South of Market is a vibrant part of Downtown SF, quite diverse and colorful. There's a mis of industry and residential, so it is a busy area.  There are convenient shops close by and lots of good restaurants to choose from
South of Market is one of the hottest neighborhoods in San Francisco right now.  You will be walking distance from Union Square, Moscone Center, The Asian Art Museum, SFMOMA, our baseball park and too many restaurants to mention
South of Market's (aka SoMa’s) multifaceted character brings together all sorts of people. Tech-savvy entrepreneurs rub elbows with well-read bohemian types, and museum curators share the sidewalks with ill-groomed individuals. Hip bars, clubs, and specialty coffee cafes hide among SoMa’s increasing number of vacant industrial warehouses awaiting renovation. On game day, visitors to SoMa include those looking to hear the crack of the bat—this neighborhood is the home of the San Francisco Giants.
South of Market's (aka SoMa’s) multifaceted character brings together all sorts of people. Tech-savvy entrepreneurs rub elbows with well-read bohemian types. Hip bars, clubs, and specialty coffee cafes. On game day, visitors to SoMa include those looking to hear the crack of the bat—this neighborhood is the home of the San Francisco Giants.
South of Market's (also known as SoMa's) diverse image gathered people from around the world. Home of tech entrepreneurs and startups, SoMa represents world's innovation and Silicon Valley. Trendy bars, clubs, and coffee shops hide on SoMa's streets and alleys. On game day, visitors to SoMa include those looking to hear the crack of the bat—this neighborhood is the home of the San Francisco Giants. https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/soma Our home is located in the Southwestern part of SoMa district. Please note that it can get a bit loud around our block at times, but it is generally quiet and peaceful.
South of Market's (also known as SoMa's) diverse image gathered people from around the world. Home of tech entrepreneurs and startups, SoMa represents world's innovation and Silicon Valley. Trendy bars, clubs, and coffee shops hide on SoMa's streets and alleys. On game day, visitors to SoMa include those looking to hear the crack of the bat—this neighborhood is the home of the San Francisco Giants. https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/soma Our home is located in the Southwestern part of SoMa district. Please note that it can get a bit loud around our block at times, but it is generally quiet and peaceful. However you need to mind quite a rough neighborhood located in 0.5 mile from us on 6th St and Mission St.
South of Market's (also known as SoMa's) diverse image gathered people from around the world. Home of tech entrepreneurs and startups, SoMa represents world's innovation and Silicon Valley. Trendy bars, clubs, and coffee shops hide on SoMa's streets and alleys. On game day, visitors to SoMa include those looking to hear the crack of the bat—this neighborhood is the home of the San Francisco Giants. https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/soma Our home is located in the Southwestern part of SoMa district. Please note that it can get a bit loud around our block at times, but it is generally quiet and peaceful. It is a safe neighborhood.
South park is a great south of market neighborhood.  Located in one of the hottest tech centers in the country.  So many great restaurants you'll never make them all.  Walking distance to shopping, Giants stadium, the bay, Moscone Convention Center and easy public transit.
Steps to AT&T Park, walking distance to Pier 40, very close to Embarcadero and Historic Ferry Building.
Sunny South Beach weather. Incredible location, right in the middle between the Ferry Building and the Ball Park. Great community with lots of restaurants, cafes, shops and stores.
Sunny. Sunny. Sunny. Whole Foods. Central location.  Close to the Mission, SOMA, and Dogpatch.
Super central, close to the BART and Market St.
Super convenient to downtown and all modes of transportation. Extremely high walk rating... Everything is easily accessible: restaurants, museums, waterfront, shopping -- plus so much more this amazing city has to offer. It’s just a short walk to Moscone Center, Union Square, the Embarcadero, Chinatown, North Beach, AT&T Park and all the nightlife of SoMa/Southbeach. BART, Transbay terminal, and CalTrain are all 5-20 mins walking distance. South Beach is also known as the second financial district. This means it is relatively quiet during evenings and weekends.
Super nice neighborhood with (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) market right across the street. 3' to Mission with Dolores Park, bar and restaurants 3' to Castro with bi-rite ice-cream and boutique fashion shops 3' walk to Little Saigon with delicious and very affordable local restaurant Right in the heart of San Francisco' tech scenes with Uber, Square and AirBnB headquarters right around the corner.
THE LOCATION  When you're ready to venture, there are abundant choices nearby sure to entertain every type of traveler - from fantastic restaurants and cafes, to live music, theatre and nightclubs. Some of our favorite nearby places include Sightglass Coffee for artisan brews roasted on site, Cellar Maker for amazing craft brews, Saturday Farmers Market at the Ferry Building, and so much more.
The Ballpark, the restaurants, proximity to the Embarcadeto- a great way to walk the SF seashore all the way to the Marina
The Design District is an amazing neighborhood nook in San Francisco.  Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and Safeway all within 4 blocks.  Great restaurants and bars nearby.  
The Embarcadero is where urban meets food, sport, bayside and art. Easy to reach East Bay and Peninsula by private and public transportation.
The Mission Bay neighborhood is very convenient for professionals who work in Silicon Valley and for people who value being able to get to the bustling parts of downtown San Francisco in a flash. This quiet townhouse overlooks a waterfront path that's closed off to traffic. Sailboats and kayaks occasionally drift pass on the weekends. Waterviews and three-bedrooms are difficult to find in San Francisco. We have both, so you'll have views of Mission Bay from all rooms.
The Neighborhood Welcome to SoMa (South of Market), startup central and with an eclectic and urban feel that is typical of San Francisco.  This is a rapidly changing part of the city that has a little bit of everything.  The area has many amenities and trendy restaurants/bars along with the more grungy mix of characters and places.  This is not the postcard part of town, but a real neighborhood that is in constant transition and still under construction.   In the area you will find: *Embarcadero Waterfront - great for walking/running *Moscone Center, Moma, Yerba Buena Center/Garden *Downtown Shopping (Union Square and Market St shopping centers) *Giants Stadium *Ferry Building *Financial District We have the main SF Police Department on 6th and Bryant (2 blocks away), as well as the SFFD on the next block over so it is very safe for being so central. We will also provide guidance in your travels; such as which places to avoid and at what times.
The Neighborhood is SoMa/Mid-Market! It's the perfect place to live in because you have easy access to the whole city, and all of the surrounding big tech companies and lively places right from your doorstep. Every cool spot is right around the corner from you. From brunch day-drinking & eating in Hayes-Valley to the awesome nightlife in the Mission and SoMa you're never more than a block away. Also just blocks away from union square there and at the civic center, there are many tourist sights to see too. There are Cafes, Day Spas, Dining, Furniture & Antiques, Grocery, Movie Theaters, Museums, Performing Arts, Pharmacies, Pubs & Taverns, Shoe, Shopping Malls, Sporting Goods stores all located close by.
The Neighborhood: No (Vintage Consignment) Voyager (Clothing) Orenchi Beyond (Ramen) Zeitgeist's outdoor patio (Bar) Burma Love (Burmese) Martuni's (Piano Bar/ Martinis) Dog run Skate park
The SOMA is an up and coming neighborhood, and the studio is only two blocks from all of the conveniences and amenities of Market Street.  It is 2-3 blocks from the Moscone Convention Center, 4 blocks from the Metreon & Yerba Buena Gardens, and walking distance to countless restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and various entertainment options.
The SoMA Neighborhood features: 5 minute walk to Moscone convention center 7 minute walk to SF MoMA  10 minute walk to Union Square  15 minute walk to SF Giants baseball stadium 15 minute walk to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), SalesForce, Microsoft Four blocks to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Four blocks from BART/Muni Less than a mile from the Castro One block to the entrance to 101 or 280 towards Silicon Valley Adjacent to Mission District 20 minute walk to Ferry Building Market Place 1 hour drive to Sonoma/Napa Wine country Local restaurant & bar recommendations provided
The apartment is conveniently located to nearly everything. Nearby there are great bars, restaurants, and shopping. The 7th to 8th block on Folsom is a hotspot with great bars like Bloodhound, Raven, and City Beer Store. Need a great glass of wine, go to Terroir. Amazing Thai food and trendy restaurants like Radius are less than a minute walk away. The Moscone Center is only a 10 minute walk away and you get to Union Square and downtown shopping in less than 20 minutes. Nearby businesses: Bars - Bloodhound, Driftwood, Azucar Lounge, City Beer Store, Cellarmaker Brewery, Terroir (wine bar) Restaurants - Radius, Citizen's Band, Basil Thai, Brainwash, and much more Shopping - Union Square, Westfield Mall, Nordstrom Rack and more 
The apartment is conveniently located to nearly everything. Nearby there are great bars, restaurants, and shopping. Walking distance to Uber, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) and other offices.
The apartment is located in SoMA, walking distance to the main attractions in the city and Superbowl: Embarcadero, Bay Bridge, Union Sq, AT&T Park, tons of shops and restaurants all over, public transport walking distance such as Caltrain, Bart, Muni, Cable Car, Tram....
The apartment is located in a luxury designer complex right above the famous Saison restaurant. It is steps away from AT&T park and is definitely in the center of action during Superbowl week! There are supermarkets, great restaurants, and nice walking paths by the apartment, which I can show you!
The apartment is located in the SOMA/mid-Market neighborhood. Very close to the Mission and South of Market neighborhoods and parks. Also close to Lower Nob Hill, Financial District and the Castro.
The apartment is only blocks away from Moscone Center and Union Square. You can walk to the waterfront to see the new Bay Bridge Light Show or to the Mission for hip restaurants. Or stay right here in SoMa and explore numerous breweries, museums, restaurants and shops within walking distance.
The apartment is right across from (website hidden), next Uber. Big grocery store, restaurants and bars, 10 minutes walking to Hayes Valley restaurants and bars You can also use common area with fire place, free coffee, cable tv, a pool table. A swimming pool, gym, business center.
The beautiful SOMA district close to downtown!
The best area of SF - mission bay is a home for USCF, many restaurants, coffee shops and other small businesses. Great area to walk - it's very safe, quiet, no garbage on the streets, amazing scenic view.
The building is new and located in a dynamic modern neighborhood (SoMa) with great restaurants, nightlife and easy access to convenience stores, BART & Caltrain.
The central location and urban feeling!
The flat is located in a small tree lined neighborhood between major streets, so that it feels secluded even though it’s in the midst of things.   THINGS TO DO:  Walk around the corner and try a cocktail at Forgery, one of the newest watering holes in the city; shop at Rainbow an original San Francisco organic grocery and cook a delicious evening meal; rent a bike from the city’s bike share program and explore the streets; or walk over to the Mission checking out the street art on the way and try a trendy new restaurant.   WHAT’S NEARBY?  •  Yerba Buena Gardens with the YBCA, SFMOMA, and the Jewish Museum – 8 blocks •  Civic Center with the Public Library, City Hall, Asian Art Museum – 6 blocks •  Hayes Valley with boutique shopping and wonderful cafes – 6 blocks •  The Mission with a plethora of street art, restaurants, shops and bars – 6 blocks  WITHIN 3 BLOCKS •  A wide range of restaurants from Pork Belly Burgers to Thai to Sushi and everything in between including the SOMA StrEat 
The house is conveniently located in Soma on the edge of the Mission with a number of bars and great restaurants close by. Neighborhoods such as Hayes Valley, Potrero Hill, Nob Hill, Russian Hill, and the financial district are all within minutes.
The location is the best niche as it is located in the heart of SOMA.  In a mural alley, across the street of Brainwash Cafe (laundymat/beat,comedy cafe).  Walking distance to tourist shopping attractions or subway systems into the Mission, or Embarcadero, you are in a epicenter of SF!
The loft is in the heard of SoMa and walking distance to many main city attractions and entertainment: world famous SoMA bars, clubs & restaurants, upcoming "SF startups" scene cafes, grocery stores (trader joes, whole foods, costco, best buy, bed bath and beyond), rail station, muni stations, AT&T park; the loft located walking distance (15-20min)  to Downtown, Moscone Center, Museums, Union Sq and Embarcaderro
The neighborhood has a lot to offer but is also extremely convenient for walking all over downtown.  SOMA has a lot of great restaurants and bars that are within walking distance of the loft.
The neighborhood has everything. Restaurants, downtown shopping, music venues and easy access to all parts of the city. As well, this neighborhood gets the most sun!
The neighborhood is a dynamically changing space. Historically this used to be the industrial / warehouse district, and now its the fastest growing neighborhood in SF that has everything: restaurants, music venues and easy access to all parts of the city. SOMA is also known for the most number of sunny days and flat ground (no more hill climbing!).  We are also a 5 minute walk away from Trader Joe's, REI and other major shopping centers. Nearby there are great local hangout places including The EndUp and several bars across the street.
The neighborhood is an old light industrial mixed -use area of San Francisco that has gone through a rapid gentrification. Many interesting old industrial buildings, warehouses turned into loft live/work spaces.  Technologies and design offices have moved into the area in the recent past. Come with these developments are good restaurants, coffee bars, wine bars, clubs, etc. Please note that by the nature of an ally in SF downtown and a mixed use light industrial/residential neighborhood, one may experience homeless people on the street at certain time. Like many cities, one also needs to be alert and cautious walking in the ally late at night - hiring a cab when coming back late at night is recommended.
The neighborhood is fantastic - restaurants, bars, and Starbucks downstairs. Walking distance to Potrero hill and SOMA, which both house great restaurants and bars.  Nearby Amenities:  - 5-10 min walk to Whole Foods, Trader Joes, Bed Bath & Beyond - 5 min drive to Safeway/drug stores For those traveling for work, some of the nearby offices include: Adobe, Zynga, Jawbone, Airbnb, Heroku etc.
The neighborhood is ideal for anyone coming to SF!  SOMA is an up and coming neighborhood with many fantastic bars and restaurants within walking distance,   The grocery store (Trader Joe's) is a 10 min walk.
The neighborhood is one of the newest one's built  in San Francisco. Only a 10 to 20 minute walk to major San Francisco attractions. Only one block from San Francisco Bay with a wide 3 mile long walkway along the water front for walks, biking, rollerblading , people watching, organic farmers market and restaurants  From the Giants Baseball Team 's stadium to Fisherman 's wharf
The neighborhood is one of the newest one's built  in San Francisco. Only a 10 to 20 minute walk to major San Francisco attractions. Only one block from San Francisco Bay with a wide 3 mile long walkway along the water front for walks, biking, rollerblading , people watching, organic farmers market and restaurants.  The walkway goes  from the Giants Baseball Team 's stadium to Fisherman 's wharf. You can continue your walk along the Bay to the Golden Gate Bridge. Stop along the way at  Fort Mason's  grass lawn with  views of the Golden Gate Bridge or at the Marina Green grassy area to watch the sail boats or continue on to Crissy Field's natural estuary  and beach.
The neighborhood is situated right on the waterfront. Enjoying an afternoon boating with friends is my favorite pastime. Going for a jog or biking on the waterfront is a great way to spend the day. Many great restaurants are nearby. Walk score of 87. We are located just on the edge of downtown.
The neighbourhood is called Mission Bay, it is an extremely upmarket, trendy safe and new neighbourhood. There are plenty of restaurants about 7 mins away, and an excellent beer garden that's a couple blocks away that has opened up a couple months ago too. It is very close to the freeway,  and lots of offices are located conveniently within reach of this area. There is a free shuttle that runs from mission bay, to downtown SF as well.
The vibe and proximity to downtown and the East Bay (Oakland, Berkeley, etc.).
Thechnically in the design district of SOMA. Such a fun and growing neighborhood! 10 bus to downtown/ Financial district and 19 bus to Fort Mason/ Ghirardelli square and Fisherman's wharf on our block. Sushi, Mexican, Thai, Burgers, Starbucks, Phil'z, French Bakery multiple bars and American diner within a 5 minute walk or less. Trader Joe's is a 7 minute walk where we pick up our groceries. (Also a Bed bath and beyond and Nordstrom rack in the shopping center. 10 minute walk to Potrero Hill. 15 minute walk to Cal Train and AT&T park, mission creek, boat houses and the new UCSF Mission Bay campus. 20 minute walk to BART, the embarcadero, water front or downtown. 30 minute walk to AMAZING Mexican and El Salvadorian food and fun bars and shops in The Mission neighborhood.
There are many places that can be accessed quickly by foot, including the Westfield Mall, METREON, SF MOMA (Modern Art museum), Union Square and plenty of bars and restaurants. Anything else in the city is easily reached using public transportation.
There are so many great places within a 15 minute walk including AT&T Park (home of the SF Giants), the Moscone Center (for conventions), Saison (Michelin 3 star rated restaurant -absolutely amazing if you can get reservations and want to splurge), Bluxome Street Winery (food trucks are outside most Friday's), Safeway (groceries), The Creamery & Philz Coffee (both coffee and snack shops), ample forms of public transit, Lucky Strike (bowling), Local Brewing Co (original IPAs and more), 25 Lusk (swanky lounge and dinner spot), Bay Club SF Tennis, Mint Studios (great Pilates and workout classes) and more! Keep in mind the city of San Francisco is a 7 mile x 7 mile grid so although some key sights are near me, if you are here on vacation you'll need to travel a few miles to see others. Please consult a map to compare the things you want to see and how close they are to AT&T park (right down the street from me, it's a good reference point). If most are closer to a different area of the city
There are so many great restaurants and bars in our neighborhood, you can find pretty much anything you want, from high end American and French, to South Indian, Thai and Mexican.  Keep an eye out for food trucks too!  Here are a few places we enjoy: - Marlowe on 4th and Brannan is a mid-range American/California cuisine place with great cocktails.  Their burger is famous!  - For a meat and offal-centric meal, make a visit to Cockscomb, where the highlight dish is a roasted pig’s head.  - Brickhouse on Brannan between 3rd and 4th has great weekday lunch and tasty weekend breakfast.   - A few doors down from Brickhouse is Alexander's, which is a high end steak place.   - Also on the same block is a Thai place called Koh Samui and the Monkey.  - Hotel Utah is a great dive bar and live music venue on the corner of 4th and Bryant, and the food is solid too.  - Iron Cactus near 4th and Townsend has fresh and organic, fast casual Mexican food.  - For the BEST coffee in town, take a walk down
There are some great restaurants within walking distance. Townsend Cafe for Breakfast. Tres Agave for Great Mexican Food. Cafe for Great Sandwiches.  Momo's & Saison for finer dining. Saison has a great lounge and nightlife as well. There is a food market about 10 minute walk away.
There are tons of cafes, bars and restaurants are within walking distance as well as Whole Foods and City beer store for drinks and Basil Thai for food. There are additional eating options available at 4th and Mission near Moscone Center. There's also a Target and Starbucks within walking distance near the Moscone Center.
There is a lots of good restaurant and entertainment in the  neighborhood,it's a vibrant and nice place in down town sf to enjoy
This Apt. is located right in the middle of the action, steps away from the finest dining, shopping, and entertainment.
This apartment complex is in the middle of everything, yet located on a beautiful and quiet street overlooking a canal.  You will be walking distance to everything you need such as Safeway, Whole Foods, Drug stores, post office etc.  It is walking distance to Moscone and ATT Park. The public transportation access is excellent and walking distance to Caltrain, muni and many bus lines.   It is located right off all major freeways (280 and 101) and next to the Bay Bridge (access to East Bay).
This apartment is centrally located in the best SOMA area of San Francisco. SOMA is the hippest place to live in San Francisco. Safe neighbourhood and ton of entertainment nearby. Something for everyone. It's right next to the ocean for amazing walks and bike rides.
This is Folsoma! Heart of the kink-techie-Pilipino-coffee-club scenes! This neighborhood is gritty, creative, trend setting, and still real. Around the corner from the famous Cat Club, Club Raven, Mr. S Leather, Wicked Grounds, Brainwash cafe, Sightglass/Sextant/Vega coffee. Close to many small and large groceries (Trader Joes, Rainbow, Whole Foods, Harvest)...
This is a transitional but very dynamic neighborhood. Soup kitchens are next to ultra-trendy coffee shops.  Tech startups and Asian Fusion cafes share a building with an auto repair shop.  This neighborhood isn't for everyone but I love it. Just a couple blocks from all major transportation lines, Muni, Bart, Freeways 280, 101 and the bay bridge. There's a Trader Joe's a 7 min walk away. We're a couple of blocks from SOMA clubs. Just a 20 min walk to the Ferry building at the Embarcadero, close to AT&T Park, and easy access to the Mission, Haight Street, Civic Center, the Warfield, and Union Square shopping and restaurants. The Neighborhood The neighborhood has everything:  restaurants, music venues and easy access to all parts of the city. Once upon a time, this neighborhood was the warehouse district and now it's very alive and very much in transition. SOMA is also known for getting a lot of sun!
This is a trendy neighborhood next to the San Francisco Giant's AT&T Baseball park. There are a lot of great restaurants and it's a gorgeous walk along the Embarcadero, next to the apartment building.
This is an upscaled neighborhood of San Francisco. It's probably one of the most sunny places in the city. Clean and beautiful!
This is located on the heart of South Market SOMA, San Francisco.
This location is right in the heart of SOMA and the Civic Center. It is next to City Hall, Orpheum Theatre, Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, War Memorial Opera House, Nourse Theatre, and SFJAZZ Center. It is also close to downtown, Union Square, the Financial District, Little Saigon, the Mission District, the Castro, Dolores Park, Noe Valley, the Caltrain station, and AT&T park.
This loft is located in the heart of SOMA area which has experienced rapid gentrification with bars,restaurants and one of the best coffee shops in town. With several larger start-ups (zynga and (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)) moving in in recent years  the area is booming. There is a small harmless homeless population in the area but that's one of San Francisco's less productive areas.
This luxury building is minutes away from the Financial District, Union Square, the Embarcadero and Fisherman's Wharf, Moscone Cente,  AT&T Ball Park, the Ferry Building. You're right in the midst of the best San Francisco city life! In a two block radius, there is AT&T Park to take in a game and see the world champion San Francisco Giants, Starbucks, Philz Coffee, and Safeway grocery store.  SoMa and Misson Bay have a variety of restaurants and night life, including MoMo's restaurant, Tres Agaves, HRD, and Public House.  A 15 minute walk takes you to South Park, full of restaurants for indoor dining or take away to dine al fresco in the park.  Also close by is the historic Ferry Building housing some of the city's best restaurants and high end food hall. Stop by for Hog Island Oyster Company and enjoy the view of the Bay Bridge and San Francisco Bay.
This neighborhood is amazing, vibrant, and central to all of San Francisco. But please take precaution to be safe, especially at night.
This neighborhood is certainly unique with plenty of character dating back to original brothels, drug scenes, gay pride,  and now, a tech company boom.  The street is an alley with owner-occupants, renters, artists, and a few remaining active commercial enterprises.  To be frank, San Francisco's more fringe population still comes and goes through this 'up and coming' area, so if you prefer a conservative and suburban experience, this is probably not the right fit.
This neighborhood, which is at the western end of South Beach near South Park (adjacent to Yuerba Buena/Mission Bay, considered part of greater SOMA) has a little bit for everyone, from foodies to sports fans to people on business or attending conferences at Moscone.  The former industrial neighborhood has been redeveloped into residences, restaurants, entertainment venues, offices, and live/work units.  Former warehouses have been converted into lofts and high-tech offices.  Located within a few blocks are AT&T Park (SF Giants), the SF Museum of Modern Art, the Moscone Center, the waterfront, bars, clubs, sporting activities, grocery stores, parks and everything from small cafes to Michelin-starred restaurants.  Offices of some of the leading names in the online/app world are nearby.  A slightly longer walk or short ride will take you to the SF Ferry Building, world-class shopping at Union Square, live music venues, and the SF design district.  It's little wonder that this is now one 
This neighborhood, which is at the western end of South Beach near South Park (adjacent to Yuerba Buena/Mission Bay, considered part of greater SOMA) has a little bit for everyone, from foodies to sports fans to people on business or attending conferences at Moscone.  The former industrial neighborhood has been redeveloped into residences, restaurants, entertainment venues, offices, and live/work units.  Former warehouses have been converted into lofts and high-tech offices.  Located within a few blocks are the Moscone Center, AT&T Park (SF Giants), the SF Museum of Modern Art,  the waterfront, bars, clubs, sporting activities, grocery stores, parks and everything from small cafes to Michelin-starred restaurants.  Offices of some of the leading names in the online/app world are nearby.  A slightly longer walk or short ride will take you to the SF Ferry Building, world-class shopping at Union Square, live music venues, and the SF design district.  It's little wonder that this is now one
This part of SOMA is rapidly gentrifying, but still has a lot of its old character. The grocery store 1 block away is my go-to place for produce, meat and milk and is open for sandwiches and burritos during the day. Fantastic vietnamese restaurant downstairs, fun dive bar with delicious burgers across the street.
This part of SOMA's industrial neighborhood is very alive with many restaurants and great places to discover right around the loft.  Terroir Wine Bar is great for natural wines and I love going to the BrainWash coffee, a nice local deli where you can have a delicious sandwich or a coffee while you do your laundry (: Sightglass coffee is also one my favorite place for great coffee in SF.  Besides, the location is really convenient to walk to downtown, get public transportation, join the BayBridge, the 280 or the 101 freeway.
This particular SOMA location is within only a few blocks WALK of everything that you could possibly need, including...     Costco,     Bed Bath & Beyond,     Best Buy,     Office Depot,     Walgreens (multiple locations)     Restaurant(URL HIDDEN)Izakaya House (excellent sushi(URL HIDDEN)Nihon (Japanese Whiskey Lounge)    Grocery Store(URL HIDDEN)Rainbow Grocery(URL HIDDEN)Food Co(URL HIDDEN)Safeway(URL HIDDEN)Trader Joe's     Nightlif(URL HIDDEN)Audio(URL HIDDEN)1015 Folsom(URL HIDDEN)f8(URL HIDDEN)DNA Lounge
Three blocks to Moscone and the office-y parts of SOMA, four blocks to Westfield mall. Incredibly convenient location next to a few grocery stores (one half a block away, many others less than .5 miles). Lots of restaurants & bars nearby, from fancypants dining to bar grub. Favorite places to check out include: Sightglass Coffee, Cellarmaker for excellent sour beer microbrews, Box for the best hole-in-the-wall burger in your life. However take note: Airbnb describes SOMA as "slightly seedy and still on the rise", which is fairly accurate. SOMA is a gentrifying neighborhood. There are gentry (or their equivalence in the tech world), but there are also quite a few homeless, and you can expect to see some during your stay. I have lived in the neighborhood for 1.5 years and have never felt unsafe walking on my own, but consider your own comfort level.
Unique apartment in a true SF neighborhood filled with local multi-generational families with & without children, professionals, local artists & small to large businesses.  Our 'block/neighborhood" has lots hustle, bustle, at times a bit loud and it's definitely not a suburban area it's "downtown San Francisco"!!!
Unit is located in the heart of downtown SF, and the charming neighborhoods of Hayes Valley, Nob Hill, Japantown, and SOMA are all within walking distance. Many fine dining, shopping, and entertainment options within walking distance as well.
Valencia + Mission has a lot of very cool shops and places to eat: Four Barrel Coffee Resturants galore down Valencia  Not to mention 15min walk and you are at Dolores Park or Hayes Valley or Castro.
Variety of restaurants, grocery stores, coffee, bars & clubs in walking distance.
Very nice neighborhood Rincon Hill, located in Alley
Very walkable. Lots of activities and food around
Vibrant neighborhood.  Luxury apartment complexes.  Close proximity to AT&T Park, South Beach Marina and SF Tennis Club.  Convenient access to US101, 280S, and the Bay Bridge.
Visit (URL HIDDEN) for neighborhood information, amenities and photos.
WALK TO LOCATIONS & ATTRACTIONS: - Moscone Center - AT&T Ball Park - Yerba Buena Gardens and South Park - Embarcadero – The Ferry Building – Farmer’s Market - Bay Bridge - Union Square – Powell Street – Cable Car - Westfield Mall & Movie Theaters - The Warfield – finest concert venue  - Museums (SFMOMA, Children's Creativity Museum, Contemporary Jewish Museum, & etc.) - Grocery stores: Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, Urban Harvest, & Safeway - Restaurants: **Saison, Alexander Steakhouse, Marlowe, Cockscomb, 25 Lusk, Farmerbrown’s Little Skillet, AQ, TBD, Trace, Luce, Cavalier, Darwin, and many more) - Nightlife: Bars/Lounges, Wine Bars & Clubs  - CalTrain Station - commuter rail service along the SF Peninsula, through the South Bay to San Jose **Check out My Guidebook for more recommendations** Interested?  Please be sure your "Profile" and picture are complete, and "Contact us" so we can work out your arrangements together before you hit "Book it".
Walking 4 blocks from my community, it is bay bridge in San francisco. If you want to enjoy the sunrise, you can go there by 8 mins walk. Besides, this community is near the Financial district.
Walking distance to Moscone convention center, Financial District, Civic Center, shopping, restaurants, Cal train station, Bart. Located in the heart of SOMA
Walking distance to many of the new restaurants, bars and clubs in SF.  We can make plenty of recommendations if you are interested :)
Waterfront property!  Sunny South Beach weather.  Incredible location, right in the middle between the Ferry Building and the Ball Park.  Great community with lots of restaurants, cafes, shops and stores.
We are conveniently located close to CalTrain and Muni lines. As well as company shuttles which have stops with in few minute walk.
We are half a block from great entertainment on Folsom corridor, where you can enjoy great restaurants, bars and one of the city's best coffee shops (Sightglass is just 1/2 block away)! We are within 10 min walking distance to Whole Foods and Trader's Joe for any grocery shopping you need! We are 15 min from Westfield Mall, the largest mall in San Francisco. And we are 8 min walk to the nearest Bart station and 15 min walk to the Caltrain. And about 25 min walk to the embarcadero waterfront (or a 7 min bike ride).  There is a bike shop right down the corner of our apartment if you want to rent bikes and go to Sausalito, Fisherman's Wharf or anywhere in the city as well.
We are in the heart of Soma.  8 min by walk from the Call train station and 20 min from Union square. Perfectly located to get access to everything that you need.
We are located at the Civic Center, with theaters, restaurants, and all the living conveniences at the doorstep. It is a wonderful neighborhood to live in San Francisco, for tourists to explore the city and for business travelers attending conferences.
We are located on a beautiful tree-lined street in Western SoMa right near Folsom Street.  An up and coming neighborhood, SoMa can be rough around the edges but is filled with beautiful art, restaurants and culture.
We are nestled on a semi-private one-way street very close to market and 7th street in the South of Market Neighborhood. Walking score of 100. Close to many bars, clubs, restaurants, and entertainment venues!
We are next to Uber, Square, and other tech start-ups.  We are also near Civic Center & many entertainment facilities (Opera, Jazz, Symphony, etc)
We are right in the heart of the tech startup scene, and are a short walk to (website hidden) HQ, Uber, Square, and a number of other famous startups. 
We are right in the heart of the tech startup scene, and are a short walk to Twítter HQ, Uber, Square, and other famous startups. We are also surrounded by bars, restaurants and nightclubs of all descriptions.  The neighborhood isn't the nicest, this is downtown San Francisco. If homeless people scare you we recommend staying elsewhere.
We are right in the heart of the tech startup scene, and are a short walk to Twítter HQ, Uber, Square, and other famous startups. We are also surrounded by bars, restaurants and nightclubs of all descriptions. The neighborhood isn't the nicest, this is downtown San Francisco. If homeless people scare you we recommend staying elsewhere.
We are very near the convention center, 3 blocks from a BART/Muni station, very near the theatre and shopping center.  Please consider the local recommendations in my Guidebook.
We hope you like some of the tech features we have in our home: Wemo App Controlled Light Switches Hunter Douglas Remote Controlled Blinds Nest App Smoke Detector Chromecast App for TV
We live in the heart of the SF tech start up scene. (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Uber, Dropbox, Zendesk, and even your favorite Airbnb are just blocks away. The best coffee roaster in San Francisco, Sightglass Coffee, is just one block away.  Folsom street has many great restaurants, cafes, and wine bars for you to experience. All this is with in walking distance
We live in the heart of the SF tech start up scene. (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Uber, Dropbox, Zendesk, and even your favorite Airbnb are just blocks away. The best coffee roaster in San Francisco, Sightglass Coffee, is just one block away.  Folsom street has many great restaurants, cafes, and wine bars for you to experience. All this is with in walking distance.
We're a couple blocks from Moscone Center and Union Square. Can't beat this location. ;)
We're in SOMA, you're next too a bunch of great resteraunts, AT&T park, literally 3 minutes from the Caltrain station if you need to get to Palo Alto or Mountain View.
We're in between SOMA neighborhood (trendy Hi-tech) and Hays Valley neighborhood (historic cultural). There are a dozen or so hot hi-tech firms within a couple of blocks. Please refer to the safety advisor page on tripadvisor about going around in the city. There are a few rules of thumbs that travelers should always be aware of staying in the city.  www,tripadvisor,com/Travel-g(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)/San-Francisco:California:Health.And.Safety.html
We're located on a quiet side street in central SOMA district--perfectly situated close to downtown, but away from the hustle and bustle of the main streets.  There are parking structures relatively nearby and a Target and Whole Foods in short walking distance for all your party needs.
We're within walking distance to many startups + tech companies in the area, including Dropbox, lyft, cloudflare, uber, Airbnb, Splunk, Twilio, Tilt, and more.
West SOMA is a developing neighborhood, but with plenty of gems and amenities for the savvy visitor. Craft cocktail bars, beer cellars and a curiously whimsical cafe/laundromat are anchors in the blocks around the apartment.
West Soma - right on 11th street with some of the hottest bars and clubs in SF including Audio.
What can I say?  It's SoMa (South of Market)!  This former warehouse/nightclub district is THE next hot spot in SF, and it's got that urban chic mixed with urban grit that I love!  In a 10-minute walk you can be at City Hall, SF Main Library, the Asian Art Musuem, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) HQ, all Market Street mass transit connections, many restaurants (including our own Ethiopian in this building's ground floor!), bars and nightclubs.  One King's Lane, Yammer and Shogakukan all in walking distance...
What isn't here?  Tech companies, great restaurants, clubs, bars, coffee shops, trolleys, cable cars, mall, cinema, downtown, Moscone center, and fantastic sunny weather.
Within a 5 minute walk to plenty of restaurants, bars, Giants stadium, coffee shops (Philz), and Cal Train.
Within walking distance of the AT&T Park, Ferry Building (must checkout the Saturday morning Farmer’s Market!), and many nice waterfront restaurants. A stones throw away from the waterfront/ Embarcadero. Lovely views at night.  The condo includes a full kitchen with utensils, dishwasher, in-unit washer and dryer, 42" wall mounted HD television with Chromecast.
Wow - what wouldn't you like - a block from ballpark, all basics within a block as well. Every block as 10-15 restaurants - only limiter is baseball games - from 2 hours before until 2 hours after you will be overwhelmed if you are travelling, eating, or hanging around. If you are here for a game, this is what you would deal with anyway, but you will not have to travel - just sayin'
You are located in the SOMA / Mid-Market area of San Francisco - extremely central and walking distance to Downtown, Union Square, and Hayes Valley.  BART and Muni stops are very plentiful and taxis are very easy to catch in this area.
You should go walking on the water edge, its beautiful and peaceful :)
You will be in an amazing central location: - A quick walk to trendy Hayes Valley, Mission, SOMA, Castro, Union Square or downtown Financial District. - Right next door to offices of tech titans ((SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Uber, Square) - Steps away from the Civic Center - Easy access to public transport via BART, Muni, or bus. - Roughly 30 min to SFO via BART two blocks away! Super convenient airport access.
You'll be staying in SOMA which is centrally located in the city and easy to get anywhere.  It's a 7 min walk to the Civic Center BART station as well as many of the tourist attractions that SF is known for like the Powell Street cable cars (8 min walk) and Union Square. (17 min walk)  For shopping, Westfield Mall is 9 min walk.  If you're here for work, Moscone is a 10 min walk and most of the SF tech startups are located here in Soma.  You can walk to the headquarters for Uber, Square, TWTR and Airbnb all in under 15 mins.  There's tons of great food, booze and coffee (like Blue Bottle and Sightglass) all within a few mins walk. As with a lot of places downtown, the neighborhood can feel a little gritty at times.  Be prepared to pass plenty of fidgety loiterers and homeless people as you come and go, especially if you take 6th St (which you may want to avoid).  The apartment itself has a security gate and is completely safe and is surprisingly quiet at night. Be sure to check out the
You're central to everything that you need.  A great coffeehouse (Philz coffee), a great place to grab breakfast (The Creamery), the Caltrain to get to anywhere south of SF, the MUNI to take you to anywhere you want to go in the city, next to the baseball stadium, 3 blocks away from a really nice craft cocktail place, and about 4 blocks away from 21st Amendment brewery!
You're central to everything that you need. A great coffeehouse (Philz coffee), a great place to grab breakfast (The Creamery), the Caltrain to get to anywhere south of SF, the MUNI to take you to anywhere you want to go in the city, next to the baseball stadium, 3 blocks away from a really nice craft cocktail place, and about 4 blocks away from 21st Amendment brewery!
there is a small market walking distance at beale and brannan. Great restaurants: italian, chinese, and cafes on brannan and delancey street.