Despite being close to everything, we are protected by our location on a hill, making the neighborhood very quiet and peaceful.  You can walk around in the middle of the night and feel profound stillness and safe serenity.  Our neighborhood is also located in San Francisco's Sun Belt, which means we get more sun and warmth than most areas of the city which tend to be foggy and windy.
Despite being close to everything, we are protected by our location on a hill, making the neighborhood very quiet and peaceful.  You can walk around in the middle of the night and feel profound stillness and safe serenity.  Our neighborhood is also located in San Francisco’s Sun Belt, which means we get more sun and warmth than most areas of the city which tend to be foggy and windy.
Despite being close to town, we are protected by our location on a hill, making the neighborhood very quiet and peaceful.  You can walk around in the middle of the night and feel profound stillness and safe serenity.  Our neighborhood is also located in San Francisco’s Sun Belt, which means we get more sun and warmth than most areas of the city which tend to be foggy, cold, and windy.
Little Hollywood was once known for the number of hollywood actors that had vacation homes in the neighborhood and the southern California like architecture. Up the street are a number of restaurants for a variety of tastes. Around the corner from the house is the Caltrain Station and Muni lines (4 min. walk). We also have easy access to Highway 101 and 280. We are also minutes from popular areas such as the Mission, Soma, Union Square, and Fisherman's Wharf. Our easy highway access also provides for seamless transit to areas such as the marina and golden gate.
Little Hollywood was once known for the number of hollywood actors that had vacation homes in the neighborhood and the southern California like architecture. Up the street are a number of restaurants for a variety of tastes. Around the corner from the house is the Caltrain Station and Muni lines (4 min. walk). We also have easy access to Highway 101 and 280. We are also minutes from popular areas such as the mission, soma, union square, and fisherman's wharf. Our easy highway access also provides for seamless transit to areas such as the marina and golden gate.
Our quiet sunny complex is at the top of a bluff with cool breezes in the afternoon and great views from the complex in every direction. Little Hollywood is safe, clean and bright. Quieter and sunnier by comparison to other SF districts. This is a very drive-able neighborhood, also walkable to transit across the street to access all SF has to offer. Very easy parking & frequent public transit! Steps from T-3rd light rail MUNI metro, 9mins to CalTrain. We are mins from freeways 101N to downtown or 101S as we are at the gateway to the peninsula, near 280 freeway. Immediately outside our complex is the BaySide Café, a great breakfast diner to get eggs, coffee, pancakes, etc. Try the Chilaquiles, a yummy Mexican American spin on scrambled eggs! Southbound on Bayshore Blvd, a few mins' walk away is Piccolo Pete's Café, a locals' fave for coffee drinks with hand-ground spices and tasty toasty bites (see pics). Piccolo Pete's Liquor & Deli is also a great place for handmade sub sandwiches and
Per Airbnb: Easy freeway access, abundant parks, and family-owned restaurants near the edge of the city.  https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/portola
Quiet friendly neighborhood 10 minutes from downtown SF!
Quiet, friendly neighbors, but as any large city, be aware of surroundings when alone or late at night.
Residential neighborhood on the south side of the City, main street is Leland, with a few mom and pop shops, a little playground for kids two blocks down the street from the house.   San Francisco is a metropolitan city, with crime just like in any place.  The neighborhood is safe in the daytime, but we recommend you use a car after dark if you are not accustomed to city life. McLaren Park is family friendly with panoramic views of the city, a little lake area to walk.  Just remember San Francisco is an urban city.  You should visit parks in the daytime, stay on the main streets.   Coffman Swimming pool on Visitacion avenue is a recently renovated olympic size pool for laps and recreational swimming. Visitation Valley Library branch is also brand new with a beautiful Spanish style building
Super safe,
The townhouse community is newly build, very safe and quiet. It's not the typical Bay View/Vistacion Valley. There are no grocery or restaurants within walking distance. If you don't have car, you need to be prepared to use Uber/Lyft or Bus/Shuttle/BART to get around. You will still save a lot of money by staying here and use Uber/Lyft to get around, unless you are extremely tight in time but abundant in budget. In that case, feel free to pass on to more downtown locations.
This area is called "Little Hollywood." Local legend is that Mae West had a hideaway bungalow at the end of the street.  There are cute, craftsmen's houses along the block.  The neighbors are super nice! McClaren park, Bayview Park and Candlestick Recreation Point are all very close by and great for hiking and taking in spectacular city views.
This area is called "Little Hollywood." Local legend is that Mae West had a hideaway bungalow at the end of the street. There are cute, craftsmen's houses along the block. The neighbors are super nice! The neighborhood is called Little Hollwood. It's a residential area so there's not a lot of shops or cafes to walk to, but there are a few, and more restaurants and shops 5 mins drive away. It's very close to the 2nd largest park in San Francisco, John Mclaren park, which is lovely for picnics, hiking, duck pond, amphitheater, amazing city and mountain views. It's also close to the Candlestick recreation point with great walking trails along the bay and beautiful city views. The San Bruno mountains are also nearby and offer great hiking trails.
This is a quiet, old, friends interracial neighborhood in sunny Visitation Valley in San Francisco that is literally minutes drive from downtown and equal distance away from the SFO Airport!
This is a very quiet neighborhood in San Francisco with almost no traffic. The neighbors are all very nice people who watch out for each other.
This is a very quiet, suburban family neighborhood very close to public transportation and 10 to 15 minutes from downtown San Francisco
Upper hill, quiet neighborhood. Many fast food and other restaurants and stores on San Bruno Avenue, 3-6 blocks downhill. 3 Blocks from second best and second largest public park in San Francisco (MacLaren Park). 3 minute drive to freeways (101 and 280). 7 minute drive to coastline/beach and Bay, tourist area, city center, and financial district.
Very nice over view people in the district, and also there are quite, sunny and warm.
Very nice people in the district,and also there are quiet, sunny and warm.
We are located in a residential neighborhood where there is plenty of free street parking with no time limits (this is rare in San Francisco)  This is a non touristy area and there is none of the city hustle and bustle.   Have a good night's rest without having to listen to traffic nor the noise of inner city activities.  There are restaurants and shops within walking distance (albeit it is uphill to get home!)  on San Bruno Avenue. I would recommend walking down Girard Street, and cutting right at Bacon to get to the shops. There are Latino shops selling fruit, cheeses, tacos, burritos.  There are also lots of Chinese restaurants, bakeries and take out eateries. There is a well rated Louisiana restaurant, and also a highly rated breakfast place a few blocks away. Also, very good coffee can be found at 4 Barrel.  I provide a list of recommended local eateries, which I post at the cottage.  For  guests who like their morning run - we are near McLaren Park, where I take our dog for a  ru
What's around? Restaurants, grocery shops, and other small businesses are located along San Bruno Ave ( only a couple of blocks away from my house)  -Chinese restaurants -Subway and coffee shops -Grocery stores -Pharmacy  All available within walking distance.