(URL HIDDEN)
113 Beacon Street is an architecturally renovated Victorian brownstone in the historic Back Bay district in the heart of Boston. Located a few steps from the Boston Public Garden, diagonally across from the famous Cheers.  You will be within walking distance of the Freedom Trail, Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market, the Charles River Esplanade and the waterfront.   You are also just a few blocks from our famous Newbury Street with its unique shops, boutiques, restaurants and galleries. Copley Square is a pleasant walk from the apartment. There are grocery stores and bakeries on nearby Charles Street. There is also a Whole Foods Market on Cambridge Street (about a 20 minute walk), where you can arrange to have your groceries delivered. The apartment has modern amenities, yet the architect has taken care to preserve many of the features of the original Victorian construction. This is an elevator building.   A washer/dryer is available on the first floor of the building, free of charge, for yo
3 Min walk to Hynes Convention Center. 3 Min walk to Shuttle bus stop to Harvard Square. 6 Min walk to Copley Station. Only Steps away from Prudential Shopping Center and Copley Square. Furthermore, Newbury Street has a variety of bars, dinning options, as well as numerous shopping destination that satisfy the tastes of many.
A one-square mile neighborhood that is arguably one of the most prestigious neighborhoods in Boston, Back Bay teems with history and affluence. Copley Square is the heart of Back Bay, featuring landmarks such as the Boston Public Library and the John Hancock Tower. Shoppers and tourists also flock to the Prudential Center. Commonwealth Avenue is the pride of the neighborhood - a beautiful, tree-lined boulevard with grand mansions and other stately homes. This neighborhood, along with Beacon Hill, is the place to live for the quintessential Boston experience and is popular with young professionals and empty nesters who fled the suburbs for city living after their kids left home. The housing stock is a mixture of Victorian brownstones and larger buildings nestled between high-rises offering luxurious living in snug quarters. 
A quiet neighborhood within the heart of a vibrant city. Full of New England charm, this location is built-up of classic brownstones, with tree-lined streets.
Across the park, two minutes walk to downton Boston. Two block away from beautiful Newbury Street and across the Charles River. Walking distance from Arlington station to take you everywhere.
Almost everything is within walking distance. We love how easy to it is to get around the area. Stroll down the Commonwealth Ave Mall and see all the iconic brownstones preserved since the late 1800's. Walk to numerous brunch, lunch, and dinner places. 5-Star restaurants whichever direction you walk. Shop famous Newbury street for high end clothing. Fenway Park is a 15 minute walk away (5 minute cab ride). Our favorite thing to do in the summer is walk to the Public Gardens or the Esplanade along the water of the iconic Charles River and have a romantic picnic. A two minute walk from the Boston Marathon finish line.
Back Bay
Back Bay is Boston’s premier luxury residential address/neighborhood and one of America’s most desirable neighborhoods. The neighborhood plan was designed by Arthur Gilman of Gridley James Fox Bryant inspired by Haussmann’s renovation of Paris with parallel streets and tree lined avenues (Commonwealth Mall). There are five east-west corridors: Beacon Street (closest to the Charles River), Marlborough Street, Commonwealth Avenue, Newbury Street and Boylston Street which is intersected by north-south cross streets: Arlington, Berkeley, Clarendon, Dartmouth, Exeter, Fairfield, Gloucester and Hereford, all blessed with historic brownstones originally dating from the mid-1850’s to early 1900’s. The neighborhood was originally built on filled tidal marshes in the mid-1800s and added 450 acres to the City. During this time, the new neighborhood attracted wealthy citizens of the day who commissioned leading architects to design and construct stately homes. Considered one of the best-preserved 
Back Bay is a beautiful old neighborhood located in the heart of Boston. Large brownstones line the streets and Commonwealth Ave has a beautiful park running through it you can follow all the way up to the Boston Public Garden and Boston Common. We are walking distance to Berklee College of Music, Boston Conservatory, Boston University, Northeastern, Harvard, MIT, Emmanuel, Simmons College, Wentworth Institute of Technology, Wheelock and a short T ride to Boston College, Tufts and Emerson College. Walking distance to Mass General Hospital, Brigham & Women's and Beth Israel Deaconess medical center.
Back Bay is a clean, safe, beautiful, and quintessentially-Boston neighborhood with tons of shopping, dining, and entertainment nearby.
Back Bay is a great trendy area of Boston! GREAT location and space!  One block to T or bus stop right outside to MIT or Cambridge.  I've lived in the neighborhood for 5 years. My favorite restaurants, coffee shops, sport teams all at arm's reach! This apartment is a couple blocks from the Charles River, bike trails, running paths, water sport as well as dining and entertainment.
Back Bay is a historic neighborhood of Boston, filled with 19th-century brownstone rowhouses like this one. Newbury Street, Boston's high-end shopping street, is around the corner. Also around the corner is the Esplanade, a great space for running or sunning or taking in the sailboats on the Charles. You'll be within easy walking distance of museums, restaurants and historic churches.
Back Bay is a prestigious, historical  neighborhood and convenient to attractions, restaurants and shops.
Back Bay is an officially recognized neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts famous for its rows of Victorian brownstone homes — considered one of the best-preserved examples of 19th-century urban design in the United States — as well as numerous architecturally significant individual buildings and important cultural institutions such as the Boston Public Library. It is also a fashionable shopping destination (especially Newbury and Boylston Streets, and the adjacent Prudential Center and Copley Place malls) and home to some of Boston's tallest office buildings, the Hynes Convention Center, and numerous major hotels. Prior to a colossal 19th-century filling project, what is now the Back Bay was a literal bay. Today, along with neighboring Beacon Hill, it is one of Boston's two most expensive residential neighborhoods.
Back Bay is at the very heart of Boston. The apartment is just on the corner to Newbury Street known for its restaurants, terraces and its shopping activity. You are just 2 minutes walk from the Prudential tower, 8 mn to the Boston esplanade, Copley Square and Trinity chuch. Within 15 minutes from Boston Common and Fenway Park.
Back Bay is close to everything . Shops, restaurants, Boston Common & Public Garden. Universities are close by.
Back Bay is considered the prettiest part of Boston! And super close in proximity to all of Boston's highlights!
Back Bay is home to numerous excellent restaurants, bars, and shopping areas. There are also many parks and green spaces that are close by.
Back Bay is located in the heart of Boston with easy access to public transit.  The front entrance of the building faces Commonwealth Avenue, a tree-lined road that connects to the beautiful Public Garden.   The back entrance will lead to Newbury Street filled with restaurants, shops and bars.   Walk one block further to Boylston street and you will find Prudential Center, Copley Place and the Boston Public Library.
Back Bay is one of the most luxurious and desirable residential areas in Boston and includes plenty to do:  - Walk down Newbury Street: which not only has incredible shopping (everything from Chanel to Forever 21), but also lots of dining options! - Enjoy the historical Copely Square and the Boston Public Library - Hop on a duck tour and enjoy seeing Boston from both land and water - Make your way toward the Boston Public Garden to enjoy the beautiful scenery and lush gardens in the middle of a bustling city
Back Bay is prestigious and popular for tourists, business travelers and educators.
Back Bay is the best neighborhood in Boston! Beautiful, historic, and right in the heart of the city.
Back Bay is the epitome of old Boston, with brick sidewalks and historic townhouses shaded under a canopy of trees. I couldn't choose a quieter or safer place to live, and often forget I'm right in the heart of the city.
Back Bay, best neighborhood in the city of Boston! "Why stay here when you could live here!"
Back bay is a very beautiful area with old brownstone building dating back 250 yrs , it is also home to many sports athletes and celebrities
BackBay is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston with beautiful brownstones. Enjoy the charming streets, cafes and boutiques.
Backbay - Fenway- Boston Commons- Beacon Hill- Newbury St -Copley Mall  ALL NEARBY
Beautiful, historic and tree-lined Back Bay is centrally located to enjoy all the Boston has to offer.
Best neighborhood in Boston! The center of the Heart of Back Bay! Coffee shops below, stores and restaurants right outside your door. Runners can enjoy the esplanade and run around charles river!
Blocks away from Fenway Park, the Esplanade and Charles River.  Walk, Run, Bike, Paddle Board, Kayak and sail on the Charles...  Nestled between Commonwealth Avenue and Newbury Streets...Commonwealth is beautiful with tree line streets,  and beautiful historic architecture for blocks to the Boston Common Parks...close to all major museums and tons of restaurants and great shopping along Newbury and Boyston Streets.  Blocks from Prudential and Copley Mall and Copley Square.
Boston's historic Back Bay is the City's best neighborhood.  You are steps to the best restaurants and shopping.
Centrally located in Boston's historic Back Bay on Gloucester Street between Newbury and Boylston St., our apartment sits steps away from the Hynes Convention Center, the Shops at the Prudential Center and Copley Place Mall, and the boutiques of Newbury and Boylston Street.  Our historic Back Bay brownstone is located only a few blocks from the serene Boston Commons and Public Gardens, the Charles River Esplanade, the Boston Public Library, historic Beacon Hill, and the Freedom Trail.
Centrally located in Boston's historic Back Bay, our apartment is steps away from the Hynes Convention Center, the Shops at the Prudential Center and Copley Place Mall, and the boutiques of Newbury and Boylston Street. We're also near the Boston Commons and Public Gardens, the Charles River Esplanade, the Boston Public Library, historic Beacon Hill, and the Freedom Trail. If you have already explore the nearby eateries, the South End is become a bastion of delicious restaurants, unique bars and the arts (jazz clubs, Boston Ballet, and more).  If you want to explore famous Fenway park, it's only 15 minutes by foot.
Charming neighborhood famous for rows of Victorian brownstone homes.  The apartment is just blocks away from shopping on Newbury Street, Boston Common, the Public Garden, Boston Public Library, The Charles River Esplanade, and Copley Square. 15 minute walk to Fenway Park, and The North End.
Close to Prudential/Copley malls, Trader Joes, Newbury St/ Bolyston St. and all the shops, bars, and restaurants they come with.
Commonwealth Ave Mall (park) right outside the door which can take you straight to the Public Garden. You can also walk to the Charles River where there are bike/run paths that go for miles.  All the dining and shopping you could want along Newbury St in our backyard.
Convenience! You can walk anywhere. Back Bay is one of the oldest neighborhoods in all of New England. Experience the history and charm of the late 1800s in the historic brownstones that line this gas lantern lit street.
Everything! Location, trendy restaurants, people watching, great nightlife, super safe, you can walk anywhere!
Featuring a 99 walk score, you are steps away from back bay, public garden, boston common, and many other historic sites. Hit up trendy SOWA, south end's outdoor art market on Sundays, run along the Charles river esplanade or be seen shopping and sipping on Newbury street!
Fenway Park, the Freedom trail, Duck boat tours, South End eateries, Boston Commons, Downtown Crossing, Charles River, Newbury St, and many other Boston attractions are a 10 minute ride on the T or 5-20 minute walk. Grocery stores, dry cleaning, shopping and many other attractions are just out your door!
Filled with historic brownstones and tree-lined streets, Boston’s Back Bay is one of America’s most desirable neighborhoods in which to live. Take a stroll down picturesque Commonwealth Avenue or go shopping on world famous Newbury Street, called by many the Rodeo Drive of Boston. Filled with high-end international designer label shops, art galleries, restaurants, and more, Newbury Street is a great place to spot a celebrity or a local sport star while window shopping.
Friendly street of upscale historic townhouses beautifully restored and maintained. Houses on the street are owner occupied and well loved. 
Great area in Back Bay…minutes to pubic transportation and great restaurants and bars.  Just a 10 minute drive to downtown Boston.
Great for shopping ,dining, sightseeing, and relaxing.
Great location near the Boston Common, Newbury Street, Esplanade, Charles River, Mass General Hospital and public transportation.
Great location near the Boston Common, Newbury Street, Esplanade, Charles River, Mass General Hospital and public transportation.  Many of the best restaurants in Boston are within walking distance or a short taxi ride.
Here's a small flavor of the neighborhood: Within 100 yards of the front door: - Newbury Street (fun atmosphere, great shopping, nice restaurants, etc) - Commonwealth Avenue (gorgeous walkway to the Public Garden) - Trader Joe's - The Prudential Center (shopping/dining) - Hynes Convention Center - Direct access to airport shuttle, bike sharing, bus, subway Within a 5-10 minute walk: - The Boston Public Library - Copley Square - Charles River/The Esplanade (site of the fourth of July fireworks!) - The Boston Public Garden - Berklee College of Music - Boston Marathon Finish Line - MIT - The Symphony Hall - The New England Conservatory Within a 10-15 minute walk - Boston Common/Freedom Trail
Historic Back Bay features an amazing assortment of nightlife and restaurants.  Extremely safe. Unit is a quick walk to Newbury and Boylston street, the Esplanade, Fenway, Hynes, The Prudential, and House of Blues.
I love the convenience! You're right in the center of it all! The prudential and the convention center is right across the street. You're only blocks away from the best shopping and restaurants in Boston on Boylston and Newbury st.
In the Heart of Boston's Back Bay
In the heart of Back Bay, half a block away from Newbury Street. 'Newbury Street has an eclectic mix of shops and eateries. Its renovated brownstone buildings feature stores at all retail levels, -- physically (basement, street level, and above), stylistically (shabby chic to elegant), and financially (affordable to exclusive). There are coffee shops, trendy cafes and an array of restaurants to suit many tastes.'
In the heart of Boston's Downtown, Back Bay! Nearby Attractions:  • Prudential Center: 0.4 mile  • Boston Common: 0.9 mile  • Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox: 1 mile  • Faneuil Hall: 1.8 miles  • TD Garden, home of the Bruins and the Celtics: 2 miles  • The North End: 2 miles  • Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park: 2 miles
In the heart of Boston's Downtown, Back Bay! Nearby Attractions:  •Prudential Center: 0.4 mile  •Boston Common: 0.9 mile  •Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox: 1 mile  •Faneuil Hall: 1.8 miles  •TD Garden, home of the Bruins and the Celtics: 2 miles  •The North End: 2 miles  •Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park: 2 miles
In the vicinity of our apartment there are restaurants, supermarkets, bars and shopping malls close by.
It is an extraordinary location. You are in a beautiful and quiet victorian neighborhood, but you are also steps away from the action of the Back Bay, the restaurants of the South End, the Green line at the Prudential Center, Copley Square, Symphony Hall, the Museum of Fine Arts, Fenway Park and so many other attractions.
It is the most sought after location in the entire city!
It's close to everything. Great restaurants near walking distance to Newbury Street. It's across the street from the Mall. There's a great breakfast diner attached to my building that is amazing! Also an all natural juicing shop for you healthy peeps out there!
It's easy to understand why the Back Bay is one of America's most desirable neighborhoods. Newbury Street, Boylston Street and Commonwealth Avenue are lined with unique shops, trendy restaurants and vintage homes, making the Back Bay an extremely fashionable destination for Boston residents and visitors. In fact, it's not uncommon to spot celebrities strolling up and down these picturesque streets. This bustling neighborhood also houses the two tallest members of Boston's skyline, the Prudential Center and the John Hancock Tower, in addition to architectural treasures such as Trinity Church and the Boston Public Library. It is famous for its rows of Victorian brownstone homes — considered one of the best preserved examples of 19th-century urban design in the United States
It's easy to understand why the Back Bay is one of America's most desirable neighborhoods. Newbury Street, Boylston Street, and Commonwealth Avenue are lined with unique shops, trendy restaurants, and vintage brownstone homes, making the Back Bay an extremely fashionable destination for Boston residents and visitors. In fact, it's not uncommon to spot celebrities strolling up and down these picturesque streets. This bustling neighborhood also houses the two tallest members of Boston's skyline, the Prudential Center and the John Hancock Tower, in addition to architectural treasures such as Trinity Church and the Boston Public Library.
Just steps away you can enjoy sailboats and summer concerts along the Charles River, swan and ducklings in the Boston Public Garden and visit Cheers where everyone knows your name.
Live like a true Bostonian in this gorgeous Back Bay neighborhood with tree-lined streets, brick sidewalks, historic brownstones. Walk everywhere from this outstanding location, just blocks from Copley Square, Newbury Street, the T and the Esplanade.
Located a few steps from the Boston Public Garden, diagonally across from the famous Cheers.  You will be within walking distance of the Freedom Trail, Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market, the Charles River Esplanade and the waterfront.   You are also just a few blocks from our famous Newbury Street with its unique shops, boutiques, restaurants and galleries.  Copley Square is a pleasant walk from the apartment. There are grocery stores and bakeries on nearby Charles Street. There is also a Whole Foods Market on Cambridge Street (about a 20 minute walk), where you can arrange to have your groceries delivered.
Located in Boston’s award winning Back Bay district. Just steps from public transportation and trendy restaurants, shops, hair salons, upscale retail shopping financial and entertainment amenities Boston has to offer.
Located in the heart of Back Bay, right at the end of the between-the-streets park that flows all the way to the Boston Commons. Minutes away from the Prudential Center, Green Line T, Copley Sq. and Kenmore Sq. Runs adjacent to the famous Newbury St shops and restaurants (Cafeteria and Sonsie are personal favorites). Great nightlife two blocks over on Boylston St (Pour House doesn't charge a cover and Towne is a suave hot spot for some good, but pricey, cocktails).
Located in the heart of Boston's historic Back Bay, this apartment is in a turn of the century brownstone building on a pretty little street between Commonwealth Avenue and Boston's elegant Newbury Street, famous for its wonderful restaurants, cafes, boutiques and art galleries.  It is also just a few blocks from beautiful Copley Square.
Located in the heart of Boston's historic Back Bay, this studio apartment is in a turn of the century brownstone building on a pretty little street between Commonwealth Avenue and Boston's elegant Newbury Street, famous for its wonderful restaurants, cafes, boutiques and art galleries.  It is also just a few blocks from beautiful Copley Square.
Located in the heart of Boston’s historic Back Bay, this apartment is in a turn of the century brownstone on a pretty street between Commonwealth Avenue and Boston’s elegant Newbury Street, famous for its wonderful restaurants,  outdoor cafes, boutiques and art galleries.
Located in the heart of the historic Back Bay, steps from the Boston Public Gardens, Newbury Street, and Beacon Hill. Enjoy lovely cafés, shopping, and restaurants, all within walking distance. Other highlights include convenient access to public transportation, Hynes convention center, Harvard/MIT academic centers, Fenway Park, Marathon Finish Line, and the riverside Esplanade.
Located just steps away from the Public Garden, The Arlington is in the heart of Boston’s most desirable and convenient neighborhood, promising a plethora of shops, restaurants and entertainment possibilities.
Look out your windows to life happening below you.  Located just one block from Copley Square, as well as walking distance to the esplanade, Fenway Park, the South End, Beacon Hill, The Theatre District and the Boston Gardens & Common.  You are living on the BEST street in Boston for shops, boutiques, salons, restaurants and bars.
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - Flemings Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar (.8 mi), Wally’s Café (.5 mi), Stephanie’s on Newbury (.4 mi)  •Trader Joes (.5 mi) & Star Market (.2 mi) for groceries  •The Shops at Prudential Center - .4 mi •House of Blues – 1.5 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – .9 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England - .4 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 2.1 mi •Faneuil Hall – 2.1 mi •Fenway Park – 1.1 mi •Boston University (1.6 mi),  Northeastern University (.7 mi), and Harvard (4.2 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital – 1.3 mi
Marlborough Street is a quaint, tree-lined street in perhaps the most sought after neighborhood in all of Boston, the Back Bay.
Marlborough Street puts you smack dab in the middle of the Back Bay without the noise/traffic of Newbury or Boylston.  Foot bridge to the Charles River esplanade located right outside your door.  Steps to Copley Square and Comm Ave park.  1 block to Newbury St, 3 blocks from marathon finish line.
Marlborough street is one of the most beautiful and sought after streets in Boston, it is centrally located, a short walk to restaurants and boutiques on Newbury and Boylston Streets, the public gardens and Boston common are also short walks. A few short blocks to the Charles River park  for a jog or sail and Charles street at Beacon Hill for brunch or shopping.
Minutes away from Copley Square, the Prudential Center, and various shopping and tourist destinations, the Copley Garrison offers an ideal location just off of Huntington Ave.
Most expensive and best neighborhood in Boston.  Near high-end shopping - Chanel, Hermes, Ralph Lauren, Frette, Brooks Brothers on Newbury Street and the Prudential Center - Gucci, LuluLemon, Williams-Sonoma, the Apple Store  Running on the Charles River! Tons of dining nearby as well!
Nearly everything you'd want to see in Boston is within walking distance, or a short T ride.
Newbury Street is often described as Boston’s most enchanting street. Beginning at the Boston Common, Newbury Street consists of eight blocks of Boston’s best salons, boutiques, and restaurants. Known as the “Rodeo Drive of the East,” it serves as Boston’s representative of fashion and style, on par with the most exclusive districts of San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York.
No smoking, no pets, no parties.
One of the most charming and picturesque streets in Boston's Back Bay, Saint Botolph is lined with fragrant and blooming trees. Some students in the area, but mostly young professionals. Manicured and pedestrian-friendly Southwest Corridor park runs parallel, a half block south. Lots of restaurants and bars are walkable, and 15 minutes on public transit can get you most places in the city.
Our apartment is located in the beautiful, historic neighborhood of Back Bay. We live within walking distance of downtown Boston, the Charles River (2 blocks),  Newbury Street (2 blocks), Copley Square (3 blocks), the Public Gardens & Frog Pond (2 blocks), and many other wonderful attractions. There are tons of great restaurants, cafes, and bars within walking distance as well.
Our brownstone is on the South End Back Bay line with easy access to literally everything Boston has to offer. We are a 5 minute walk to Copley, Prudential, Symphony Hall, Newbury St and a 12 minute walk to Fenway Park. We have the train on our block and the bus line across the street. We are in the midst of amazing restaurants, shopping, museums, world class Universities and hospitals. This is the perfect city location!
Our home is located in the Bay Village neighborhood of Boston.  Never heard of it?  That's because it's Boston's best kept secret.  Only 840 housing units and 1300 residents it is located steps to the Public Gardens and sandwiched between back bay, south end and the theater district!  You won't feel like you are in the heart of Boston when you stroll through this quaint neighborhood - the streets are paved with brick and lit by street lamps.  Despite its central location, it is very quiet and pedestrian/pet-friendly.  There is very little traffic due to the neighborhood being made up entirely of one-way streets.   We absolutely love love love our neighborhood and think you will too.  (URL HIDDEN) Location:   With a walkers score of 98 (walkers paradise) and riders score of 100 (riders paradise), you will not need a car.  If you do bring or need your car there is a parking lot directly across from our home.  They charge $18-$20 per day depending on when you enter/exit.  This is a fracti
Our location in the Back Bay is unique as it is equally spaced between Newbury St. (the best shopping area in Boston) as well as Charles St. in the Beacon Hill neighborhood, which has countless charming shops and restaurants. It is also about a 2 minute walk to the Public Gardens, which are stunning in the Spring and Summer!
Our neighborhood is not "close" to the city.  It's in the HEART of it all.  Nearly everything is walkable, and if you're lazy, everything can be accessed via a very short MBTA ride away.  Copied from wikipedia:  "Back Bay is an officially recognized neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts famous for its rows of Victorian brownstone homes — considered one of the best-preserved examples of 19th-century urban design in the United States — as well as numerous architecturally significant individual buildings and important cultural institutions such as the Boston Public Library. It is also a fashionable shopping destination (especially Newbury and Boylston Streets, and the adjacent Prudential Center and Copley Place malls) and home to some of Boston's tallest office buildings, the Hynes Convention Center, and numerous major hotels. Prior to a colossal 19th-century filling project, what is now the Back Bay was a literal bay. Today, along with neighboring Beacon Hill, it is one of Boston's two m
Prime location steps from everything Boston has to offer.  Can hear the roar of crowds from marthon route or from Fenway, can be at prime shopping, at fabulous restaurants or walking along the river in 5 minutes.
Prudential Center and Copley Place = .2 mile, Symphony Hall = .2 mile, Hynes Convention Center = .5 miles, Fenway Park = 1 mile, Museum of Fine Arts = 1 mile, MIT = 1 mile,  Harvard = 3 miles The St. Botolph District was developed in the 1850's as a residential neighborhood and is a historical site protected by the St. Botolph Historic District Commission. It consists of 8 blocks east to west, and its boundaries are Huntington Avenue, Copley Place, the Southwest Corridor Park and Massachusetts Avenue. Because of its Back Bay/Prudential location closely bordering the South End (via the Southwest Corridor Park), its residents enjoy the benefits of easy access to many thriving commercial areas while enjoying the quiet ambiance of a comfortable residential neighborhood.
Quiet part of Beacon Street, however, within a few blocks of all the hustle and bustle.
Right below is Marlborough Market (food, liquor, snacks and more).  This apartment is a couple blocks from the Charles river, bike trails, running paths, water sport as well as dining and entertainment.
Right downstairs you’ll find Newbury Street bustling with high end boutiques and restaurants. Just a block away, take a stroll on the Commonwealth Ave Mall straight to the Public Gardens and Boston Common. Boston’s Back Bay is known for its lovely rows of Victorian houses, river-side walkways, fashionable shops and excellent restaurants. Originally a marsh on the edge of the Charles River, this area was filled in the 19th Century to become what it is today.
Right in the heart of Boston! Walking distance to all different kinds of bars and restaurants, the Prudential Center, Copley Mall, Fenway Park, Newbury Street, and Boston Common! Plus, easy access to public transportation that will take you anywhere in the city.
Safe and well lit.  Walk to everything, coffee shops, lunch, sight seeing, Boston Common, Public Garden, Beacon Hill - Starbucks, coffee shops.  Cheers Restaurant 3 blocks away! Fenway Park - Red Sox, Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Hatch Shell Concerts on the Charles - chairs, cooler and blanket available for picnic, Shakespeare in Boston Common.  Perfect location for parents attending graduations
Steps from the Arthur Fiedler footbridge to the Charles River (biking, running,sailing, crewing, concerts), Boston Public Garden, Beacon Hill, Newbury Street shops and restaurants, Copley Square and more
The Back Bay and the South End are the heart of Boston's shopping and dining experience - Innovative restaurants, lively nightlife, unique shops,  and high end retail, surrounded by rich history.
The Back Bay is perhaps the most sought after neighborhood in all of Boston, both by residents and tourists alike. Access to cafes, restaurants, public transit, parks, the Charles River and our many schools and hospitals is very easy from this location. You can't go wrong here!
The Back Bay teems with life.  Outdoor cafes abound, fashionable stores dot Newbury Street, and most of the places worth visiting are a short walk away - The Public Garden, Charles River. If you want to attend a Red Sox game, it is about a mile down the road.
The Location is so choice - 1 1/2 blocks from the Prudential Center + Copley Place, 3 Blocks from Shaws (grocery store), 8 Blocks from Whole Foods (healthy grocery store), no more than 1.5 miles to Cambridge, the Charles River, the Boston Harbor, Fenway Park, Theater District, Beacon Hill, The State House, and just a 15 minute taxi ride to the airport.  I love this neighborhood, and I have lived here for 8 years. Hopefully you and your friends/family enjoy the city as much as I do!
The South End is a historic area, convenient to shops, restaurants, metro and 20 minute walk to the Freedom Trail or take the metro.  It has the highest concentration of the best restaurants in Boston.
The South End is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a Boston Landmark District. It is North America's largest extant Victorian residential district.  It is a residential district with many boutiques and easy access to restaurants. 
The absolute gem is the neighborhood.  Hotels in the area are at minimum $400/night, so it is a steal!  Close to everything - shopping, bars, restaurants, bike/run paths, the Charles River for paddleboating and kayaking.  Train station is a 4 minute walk.  Marathon finish line is also a 4 min walk.
The apartment is located behind the Southwest Corridor, perfect for walking throughout the city. Being one block away from the South End, you'll only be a walk or short cab ride away from some of the best restaurants the city has to offer. Just around the corner you'll find the Prudential Center, the New England Conservatory, and Newbury Street.
The apartment is located in a beautiful historic, yet hip brownstone.  It is in the heart of the Back Bay walking distance to the Boston Garden, Boston Common, near Copley Plaza, the Hynes convention center, Prudential, Hancock tower and beautiful walkways along the Charles River.
The apartment is located in in a Brownstone building in historic BackBay. 5 minutes walk to Newbury's shopping street, Charles River, Fenway Park, and everything BackBay has to offer. Walking distance to Hynse Convention Center and MIT across the bridge
The heart of Boston, Back Bay! One block from the T or Hynes Convention Center.
The location. In the heart of the main shopping strip of Boston and it's also surrounded by great restaurants as well.
The most coveted neighborhood in Boston!  This brownstone is in the very center of Boston's major attractions, while also being in a quiet residential enclave. 1 block from the gorgeous Boston Commons and 3 blocks from Newbury St. Scores of shops and restaurants around this neighborhood.
The neighborhood is full of restaurants, shops and bars.  It is close to the Charles River and Boston Commons, perfectly located.   Comm ave has a bunch of trees and grass in the middle, basically acting as your front lawn for picnics.  Easy to walk along to river or the parks.   One block from grocery store, CVS, hardware store, liquor store, etc.
The neighborhood is one where people go to enjoy the shops and restaurants.  It's a great place to people watch!  It's close to the Charles River which is a great spot to run or walk.
The suite has sweeping city views from the wall to wall windows. It is a one bedroom space on the 6th floor of a modern building with all the amenities including concierge service, underground parking, and athletic center, subway system and shopping at Whole Foods market, CVS and many other merchants all around the building. It has a bedroom with queen bed and a pull-out couch in the living room. A modern kitchen with granite counter tops is fully stocked for use of the guests. The bathroom is accessible from the hallway to the bedroom and living room, a computer nook is available with a computer, wi-fi and fax.
There is plenty to explore in the neighborhood, including shopping, good restaurants and beautiful public green spaces.
These apartments are in the Back Bay near Copley Place and the Prudential Center. It’s a lovely Brownstone building. It’s a walk up building.   The area abounds with restaurants, markets, shopping, museums and art galleries. The historic sights are easily accessible either by walking or taking our subway (The "T) which is only two streets from the apartment.
This apartment is in the Back Bay near Copley Place and the Prudential Center.    The area abounds with restaurants, markets, shopping, museums and art galleries. The historic sights are easily accessible either by walking or taking our subway (The "T) which is only two streets from the apartment.
This apartment is literally steps from Copley Square, the Boston Marathon Finish Line, Back Bay Station (Amtrak/Commuter Rail), the Boston Public Library, Trinity Church, Old South Church and restaurants, shopping and cafes. It is a short walk to the Charles River, Boston Public Garden, Boston Common, Fenway Park, South End and Beacon Hill, the city’s further neighborhoods are only a subway ride away from an entrance literally feet from the front door.  
This apartment is located at the crossroads of Boston’s historic Back Bay and South End neighborhoods and only a short walk away are Back Bay's fashionable shops and the South End's galleries and hip restaurants.
This apartment is located at the crossroads of Boston’s historic Back Bay and South End neighborhoods and only a short walk away are Back Bay's fashionable shops and the South End's galleries and hip restaurants. See list below for array of attractions nearby: •Flemings Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar (1.3 mi), Wally’s Café (.5 mi), Stephanie’s on Newbury (.4 mi) for dining •Trader Joes (.5 mi) & Star Market (.2 mi) for groceries  •The Shops at Prudential Center - .4 mi •House of Blues – 1 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 1.1 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England (.4 mi) •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 1.8 mi •Faneuil Hall – 3 mi •Fenway Park – 1.1 mi •Boston University (1.9 mi),  Northeastern University (.7 mi), and Harvard (3.8 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital – 1.3 mi
This charming property is located at the crossroads of Boston’s historic Back Bay and South End neighborhoods and only  a short walk from Back Bay's fashionable shops and the South End's galleries, hip restaurants and bistros. Residents will appreciate the convenient access to great shopping, dining, and entertainment options.
This is a unique historic heritage neighborhood in Boston and central to almost everything.
This is an extraordinary location.  You are in a beautiful and quiet Victorian neighborhood, but you are also steps away from the action of the Back Bay, the restaurants of the South End, the Green Line (subway) at the Prudential Center, Copley Square, Symphony Hall, the Museum of Fine Arts, Fenway Park and so many other attractions. Walk into the South End and you will find a charming collection of rowhouses with small parks.  The architecture of the area may remind you of London, as the urban design was inspired by the residential districts developed in Mayfair and Notting Hill in the 1850s and 1860s.  There is an array of wonderful restaurants and bars in this area. The Back Bay and its Parisian architecture can be reached by walking north across Huntington Avenue and through the Prudential Center.  The Back Bay is of the most prestigious residential, retail, and office neighborhoods in the City, and offers myriad options for shopping, dining, and sightseeing.
This is in the famous Boston Brownstone area. Walking distance to almost everything in downtown Boston.
This one bedroom apartment is a first floor walk-up. The Back Bay is one of the most quaint neighborhoods of Boston, known for rows of Victorian style Brownstones. It is one of the best preserved examples of 19th-century urban design in the U.S. It is a short walk to the beautiful Charles River Esplanade where guests can take advantage of the outdoor offerings such as kayaking, sailing, paddle boats, and swimming. Historic Newbury Street and Boylston Street, both only a couple of blocks away, offer countless boutique shops and many excellent dining and drinking options.
This part of Beacon Street is the Gold Coast of Boston's Back Bay. You are just around the corner from the Taj Hotel.
This residence is on a quiet quintessential tree lined street in Boston's historical "Bay Village" neighborhood. As Boston's smallest neighborhood (only 6 square blocks!), it's sandwiched between, and has the best of, both the Back Bay and the South End (and the Theatre District and Chinatown). Newbury Street - 3 blocks away Public Gardens - 3 blocks away Boston Common - 5 blocks away Copley Square - 4 blocks away Restaurant row in the South End - 5 minute walk Back Bay Station - 3 blocks away Theatre District - 5 minute walk Chinatown - 5 minute walk Esplanade/Charles River - 10 minute walk Downtown - 10-15 minute walk Beacon Hill - 10-15 minute walk Faneuil Hall/Financial District/North End/Fort Point - 25- 30 minute walk; 10 mins by cab Seaport - 35 minute walk; 10 mins by cab
This studio is just a 5 minute walk to the Charles River Esplanade where you can run, bike, or simply enjoy the beauty of the river. It's also located in Boston's beautiful Back Bay, where there are tons of restaurants and shops, and has easy access to Fenway and Cambridge.
Tranquil, historical, convenient, beautiful.
Two blocks to Prudential Station at Huntington Avenue.
Upper Marlborough St is arguably the prettiest street in Boston.  Step out of your apartment and you are a block from the Boston Commons, two blocks from Newbury St and the hub of all boston -- great restaurants, great outdoor dining sport, amazing shopping.  
Very good shopping and Dining options , location is treat to music lovers since it's close to Boston Symphony , Berklee school of Music , and also a block from Charles River famous for its running trails.  Also it's in walking distance to MIT , Boston University and North Eastern University with a bus stop right next to the apartment  and train station is just 2 blocks away.
Very quiet neighborhood right in the Back Bay / South End area.
Walk everywhere in Boston. Walk to Prudential Center, John Hancock Center, Boston Convention Center is an easy Uber away, Back Bay Station is 2 blocks away. Its like living in a mini new york. CVS, conveneience stores, flower shops, wine stores, restaurants, Boston Symphony- all those are just in skip and hop distance.  End of Boston Marathon is 3 blocks from the apartment. You are in the middle of the action. There is no dull moment here and the best part is this- We are neatly tucked into a very renowned quiet street so you are literally in the middle of everything but when you enter the apartment it is very peaceful. Best of both worlds. This property is a true gem.
Walk to the Charles River Esplanade and Hatch Shell (Boston's most popular open air performance venue) by crossing the Dartmouth St. Bridge. Back Bay is one of the most active and exciting neighborhoods of Boston! It is a combination of quiet residential streets, towering skyscrapers (some of the tallest in New England), historic landmarks, shopping (on Newbury St.), and lots of great dining options. Walk to Copley Square (and the Copley T Station - Green line transportation), MANY COLLEGES (Berklee, Emerson, Northeastern, Boston University, MIT, Harvard), Charles River Esplanade/Hatch Shell, Prudential Center, Boston Common/Garden, the Freedom Trail, Newbury Street shopping, Downtown, and many convention/meeting centers.
Walking distance to the Boston Symphony, Prudential Center, Hynes Convention Center, Newbury Street, Boston Commons and Fenway Park.
We are new to Boston (having moved up there from New York about a year ago), we think we are in the best possible location - right in between Back Bay and South End. We describe our neighborhood to our NYC friends as the West Village of Boston. The South End is one of the most charming neighborhoods with many little gems located on tree lined streets. You can walk in the other direction to visit the best shopping in Boston on Newbury Street - you really can't go wrong with the location - and such a special building.
Welcome to the heart of Back Bay! This is one of Boston's oldest and most beautiful neighbourhoods, which is famous for its rows of 19th-century Victorian townhouses. In addition to its beautifully preserved architecture, Back Bay also contains many cultural institutions and is the most fashionable shopping destination in the city. The Charles River Esplanade is only 3 blocks north of the apartment and my favourite place to go for a walk.  Our apartment is located on the corner of Newbury Street, which is famous for it's shopping, cafes, restaurants and bars.  The Boston Public Library, Hynes Convention Centre, Prudential Shopping Mall, Fenway Park, Boston Public Garden, Boston Commons, Downtown Crossing and Massachusetts State House are all a 15 minute walk from the apartment. During the Boston Marathon (in mid-April of every year) the route takes the runners along Hereford Street (right outside the apartment door!!) as they finish the final 4 blocks of the race. You can check out the
You can't beat this location. Every great restaurant is within walking distance, along with Fenway Park, the Boston Commons, Copley Square, the Boston Public Library and countless other tourist attractions.  The nightlife is fantastic and the neighborhood is the safest and in the most high end area of Boston. What's great is that it still feels warm and welcome because of all the beautiful original architecture that the Back Bay is famous for.
You could not ask for a more beautiful garden and tree lined brick sidewalk lined street with old style gas lamps!  This neighborhood is simply picturesque! Back Bay is a gorgeous neighborhood right next to world class shopping just a minutes walk from the apartment.  The apartment is near the exclusive Algonquin Club on Commonwealth avenue and the Charles River. Nearby things to check out include the Boston Public Library (a gorgeous old building and my favorite building in the entire city) and Trinity Church and the views from the top of the Prudential Center.   There is TONS of shopping and restaurants nearby.  You are in the heart of it all!
You could not ask for a more beautiful garden and tree lined brick sidewalk lined street with old style gas lamps! This neighborhood is simply picturesque! Back Bay is a gorgeous neighborhood right next to world class shopping just a minutes walk from the apartment. The apartment is a 1 minute walk to the Prudential Center and Boylston Street! Nearby things to check out include the Boston Public Library (a gorgeous old building and my favorite building in the entire city) and Trinity Church and the views from the top of the Prudential Center.  There is TONS of shopping and restaurants nearby. You are in the heart of it all!
You go a couple blocks west and you've hit busy Newbury street, packed with locals, tourists, restaurants and all kinds of shopping. You go a couple blocks west and you've hit the quiet South End. Filled with local boutiques, restaurants, and the some of the nicest people in the city. 
You will be living on one of the best blocks of the best neighborhood and the best residential street in Boston. You will be walking distance to all the best the city has to offer.  Most definitely, a major asset of this apartment is its location. It is simply the best in Boston where you truly are in the heart of the action, right next to everything at walking distance. This also translates to significant savings on transportation time and costs.
You will be staying in Boston's hub for shopping, restaurants, nightlife and entertainment. Also very close to universities and hospitals of Boston.
You're all set to discover what makes the South End so effortlessly cool! Check out the cool exhibition space at the Boston Center for the Arts and then grab a bite at one of the many restaurants nearby. For Cambodian-style cuisine try out The Elephant Walk on nearby Washington Street! Toro, another South End fixture features a great choice for Spanish fare.  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.