- 1 block away from Loews Regency Hotel - 5 min walk to the Arlington Station - 5 min walk to Tufts Medical and Dental Center - Corner of Melrose and Arlington - Close to Theater District - Close to Quincy Market
- 1 block away from Loews Regency Hotel - 5 min walk to the Arlington Station - Corner of Melrose and Arlington - Close to Theater District - Close to Quincy Market
Bay Village is the smallest and one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city of Boston. It is centrally located, just south of Park Square and the Boston Public Garden.
Bay Village of Boston is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston alone with Beacon Hill; they were built prior to the Back Bay and South End of Boston. Illuminated still by Street Gas Lamps adding charm to the streets  Bay Village is the heart of Boston where in a short walk you will find open air cafes, bars, Restaurants Theaters and Parks such as Boston Commons (Boston’s version of Central park )and the Public garden among others.  - Charles River - great for walking/jogging (1 block north of the public garden)  - Copley Square (5-10min walk away)  - The "T" (Boston's subway )2 min away
Beautiful quiet neighborhood
Cute, quiet, quaint and incredibly convenient. A hidden gem and one of the most unique neighborhoods in town.
Home is right in the heart of Boston, few minutes walk to great shopping, theater, restaurants, public transportation, and all Boston has to offer.
Located just steps from the Public Garden, The Arlington is a historic Back Bay landmark, magnificently restored to provide discerning home seekers with a stunning selection of spacious luxury rental apartments in the heart of Boston's most desirable and convenient neighborhood.
Location: Bay Village is a quiet five street community of brick town homes within the center of the city.  Nearby subway stops - Green line, Arlington stop; Red Line - Park Street.  Short easy walks to Boston Commons, Boston Gardens, Esplanade along the Charles River, Newbury Street, and Theatre District.
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - Flemings Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar (.1 mi), Wally’s Café (1.3 mi), Stephanie’s on Newbury (.7 mi)  •Trader Joes (1.4 mi) & Star Market (.6 mi) for groceries  •The Shops at Prudential Center - 1.4 mi •House of Blues – 2.3 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 1.7 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England – 1.3 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 1.5 mi •Faneuil Hall – 1.5 mi •Fenway Park – 2 mi •Boston University (1.8 mi),  Northeastern University (1.1 mi), and Harvard (4.3 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital – 2.5 mi
Neighborhood is right in the middle of the city of Boston. In minutes you can walk to the Swan boat, the public Gardens , Newbury St, Tuffs, public transportations,  Convention Center, Pru, great restaurants and shopping.
Our neighborhood is a quiet little haven. We are centrally located, but it is cozy and quaint. There is so much to do in the area and you are just steps away from all the action that Boston has to offer! At home, you may even forget that you're in the heart of the city.
Our townhome is located in the Bay Village neighborhood of Boston. It is nestled between Back Bay, the South End, and the Theatre District which make it the perfect spot for any traveler. Bay Village, known for its fabulous location and local charm, is steps from public transportation and near many wonderful restaurants and cafes.
The Back Bay neighborhood runs along the Charles River on the opposite side of Cambridge. Upscale shopping, boutiques, art galleries, and fabulous restaurants makes this trendy neighborhood a must-see on your Boston visit. The area is home to Copley Place, Prudential Center and The John Hancock Tower, Trinity Church (one of the country’s 10 finest buildings), and shopping along Newbury Street. The Green line runs through the neighborhood providing easy access. Historical buildings include the Gibson House, First Baptist Church, Boston Public Library, and the Institute of Contemporary Art.Be sure to walk down Commonwealth Ave, Boston’s first planned neighborhood from the 19th century. It was modeled on the Boulevards of Paris.
Truly in the center of it all: Whole Foods Supermarket - take a LEFT out of the building & follow that road all the way to Harrison Ave. (near the highway).  10 minute walk. Subway (we call the T), Public Garden & Newbury Street shopping - take a RIGHT out of the building & you will bump into them all along the way. Tremont Street - has great shops & restaurants. Go LEFT out front door & then turn right after you cross the bridge over the highway. Theaters: turn RIGHT out of the building, then go RIGHT onto Stuart Street (at the restaurant Liquid Art House $$$$), then walk 2 blocks to Tremont St. There are great little parks in the neighborhood (one on the street directly behind the building.   Go to Bacco's on St. James (near the Park Plaza Hotel) & grab a baguette, cheese, & chorizo  to take for a picnic (in the park or on the river). CHARLES RIVER:  Walk all the way past the park on Arlington St. At the very end of the street cross in the crosswalk & cross the footbridge to the Hatc
Walk to all Boston has to offer. Shopping, restaurants, Swan Boats, Newbury St., Beacon Hill, Back Bay, Boston Center for the Arts, South End Theater District, Fenway Park, public transportation, parking