(URL HIDDEN) The heart of Beacon Hill. On "the flat" Building is located between Charles River/Storrow drive and Charles St.  View of the Charles River from the shared roof deck.
-  Centrally located in Boston's historic Beacon Hill on the most popular destination in Beacon Hill (the condo is located on Charles Street), our condo sits steps away from fantastic boutiques and excellent restaurants. Our historic Beacon Hill brownstone is located only a few blocks from the serene Boston Commons and Public Gardens, the Charles River Esplanade, MGH, and the Freedom Trail. -  One of Boston's oldest communities and likely Boston's best known neighborhood, Beacon Hill gets its name from a beacon that once stood atop its hill to warn locals about foreign invasion. Approximately one square mile in size, Beacon Hill is bound by Beacon Street, Bowdoin Street, Cambridge Street and Storrow Drive. Its architecture and layout is reflective of old colonial Boston, consisting of brick row houses with beautiful doors, decorative iron work, brick sidewalks, narrow streets, and gas lamps. Beacon Hill is home to the Massachusetts State House. Charles Street, the neighborhood's main t
113 Beacon Street is an architecturally renovated Victorian brownstone in the historic Back Bay district in the heart of Boston.     Located a few steps from the Boston Public Garden, two blocks from the Boston Common. You will be within walking distance of the Freedom Trail, Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market, the Charles River Esplanade and the waterfront.     You are also just a few blocks from our famous Newbury Street with its unique shops, boutiques, restaurants and galleries. Copley Square is a pleasant walk from the apartment.
2 min from Whole Foods and CVS, Mexican Burrito place, Bars, Beers on Tap, JP Licks Ice Cream, Liberty Hotel, MGH Museum, TD Garden, Government Center, Yummy Chinese/Asian food, Yummy French/Italian food.  Markets and Shops on Charles Street (comparable to Newbury St)
2 min from Whole Foods and CVS, Mexican Burrito place, Bars, Beers on Tap, JP Licks Ice Cream, Liberty Hotel, MGH Museum, TD Garden, Government Center, Yummy Chinese/Asian food, Yummy French/Italian food.  Markets and Shops on Charles Street (comparable to Newbury St) Whether you are interested in walking the Freedom Trail, window shopping the boutiques on Charles Street, or relaxing on the Common, there is plenty to do and all within easy walking distance!
Accessible to everything
Amazing historic neighborhood. Walking distance to almost all of downtown Boston. Anywhere you can't get walking you can easily take the T or bus too. Nearby attractions: Boston Common & Garden (Park), State House & Government Center, Downtown, Historical Boston, Restaurants, Shopping
Apartment is located on beautiful Charles Street in historic Beacon Hill--bustling during the day and peaceful at night. The neighborhood is known for its high-end shops, brick sidewalks, and gas-lit streetlights.
As a little neighborhood with big history, Beacon Hill overlooks the nation’s first public park and the Massachusetts State House. Many of the city’s high-profile public figures call Beacon Hill home, and rubbing elbows with your congressman in the neighborhood’s boutique grocer checkout line is commonplace. Combine its stately black-shuttered brownstones and old-world cobblestone streets with its contemporary amenities and central location, and it’s easy to understand why Beacon Hill boasts such a prestigious reputation.
Awesome location close to everything.
Awesome location! Close to everything: transportation, shopping, restaurants, groceries, banking and the Boston Common
Beacon Hill
Beacon Hill Gas lit Historic district.  Walk 1/2 block and pass Louisburg Square and US. Secretary of State's house on your way to get coffee for a walk along the river.  Compare this to a night at The Liberty Hotel, Beacon Hill Inn & Bistro or 15 Beacon.
Beacon Hill a historic and beautiful neighborhood in Boston.  It provides easy access to all parts of the city, on foot and by subway.
Beacon Hill is THE place to experience authentic, old-timey Boston. Surrounded by beautiful brownstones and historic properties, it couldn't be more picturesque, pleasant, family friendly and safe. Steps from all the shops and restaurants on Charles Street, right across from the Charles River Esplanade and only a 5 minute walk to the Boston Common and Public Gardens! Coming from Chicago, I chose my apartment because I wanted the most authentic colonial Beacon Hill experience, so it is definitely not brand-spanking-new but that is what I love about it!
Beacon Hill is a beautiful, historic neighborhood. It is within walking distance to all of the best and most popular Boston attractions. Directly across the street from where you will be staying is the Nichols House Museum. This beautiful block is always visited by tourists and constantly photographed for its historically preserved and stunning homes.
Beacon Hill is a famous neighborhood right in the heart of Boston, and this brownstone sits in the ideal location.   We are located:  - one block from lovely Charles Street with plenty of great shops and restaurants - 0.2 miles from the Charles/MGH Red Line stop (takes about 3-4 minutes walking) - 0.6 miles from the Park Street Red Line/Green Line stop (about 12-15 minutes walking) - about a 10 minute walk from Whole Foods in the Charles River Plaza - about a 5 minute walk from The Charles River Park (great for running, biking, walking, sailing, checking out shows at the Esplanade) - one block from a 24-hour CVS pharmacy - one block from a full-service laundromat with dry cleaning
Beacon Hill is a historic area of Boston with cobblestone walks, gas lanterns and European charm, a beautiful area to walk and explore.
Beacon Hill is a historic neighborhood and is nice for self-guided walking tours (especially in the morning), and some materials will be available for this should you decide to do this – it’s particularly nice in the morning.  Alternatively, walk down Revere, past Charles St, over the pedestrian bridge and go for a jog along the Charles River!
Beacon Hill is a historic neighborhood of Boston famous for its gaslit lamps, brick sidewalks, and opulent mansions dating back to 1800. Our apartment is located on Mount Vernon Street, one of the first streets laid in the Beacon Hill  area with many of the original homes preserved by the Beacon Hill Preservation Society. For history buffs: steps to the Black Heritage Trail, which follows the history of the Abolitionist movement and the Underground Railroad, the Freedom Trail, Louisberg Square, Acorn Street, the Massachusetts State House, and Mass General Hospital, and a short walk from Back Bay shopping, the Esplanade along  the Charles River (where you can rent bicycles, kayaks, and sailboats) Faneuil Hall, and the Old State House.
Beacon Hill is a historic neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts and is known for its narrow, gas-lit streets, brick sidewalks, and narrow cobblestoned streets. Beacon Hill is located directly behind the gold domed State House adjacent to the downtown section. Today, Beacon Hill is regarded as one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Boston offering character and charm seldom matched elsewhere in the city. Charles Street is the neighborhood's main street and is filled with antique shops, enticing cafes, restaurants, delectable food shops, and boutiques. Cambridge Street offers restaurants, a Whole Foods supermarket and is also the home of the venerable Massachusetts General Hospital. Both streets offer many unique neighborhood shops.
Beacon Hill is a neighborhood of Federal-style rowhouses and is known for its narrow, gaslit streets and brick sidewalks. Today, Beacon Hill is regarded as one of the most desirable and expensive neighborhoods in Boston.
Beacon Hill is a picturesque neighborhood with historic properties and cobblestone streets.  Our apartment is a five minute walk from great shopping and dining on Charles Street (some local favorites are Tatte, Grotto, Upper Crust, Sevens Ale House, and Tip Tap Room).  Very close walk to Starbucks, Whole Foods, liquor store, and CVS for quick essentials.  Beacon Hill is a great starting point to explore the Freedom Trail!
Beacon Hill is a quaint and historic neighborhood.
Beacon Hill is a unique village in the middle of the city. The locals are out and about walking their dogs, taking their kids to school, going down to the corner for ice cream, a walk along the Charles River, or meeting friends for coffee. The area is extremely safe, family neighborhood.
Beacon Hill is a wonderful neighborhood and a perfect proximity to everything in Boston! You will feel safe and right at home and feel like a true Bostonian living in the heart of the city!
Beacon Hill is an historic neighborhood in the heart of Boston. Boston Common and Boston Public Garden are just two blocks away, and there are nice shops, great restaurants and a Peet's Coffee just steps from the building.
Beacon Hill is everything you think of when you think of the best and most beautiful parts of Boston.  Quick and scenic walk to Charles Street, lined with boutiques, restaurants, cafes, and historic dive bars.  Also close to Mass. General Hospital, Whole Foods, CVS, and various stores for your convenience.  Walking distance to the Charles River Esplanade, State House, Government Center, Freedom Trail, TD BankNorth Center, Boston Common, Public Garden, Theatre District, Downtown Crossing, Financial District, Fanuiel Hall and Quincy Market.
Beacon Hill is in the heart of Boston, very historic, and one of the most charming neighborhoods in the whole country.
Beacon Hill is in the heart of Boston. You can easily walk to the financial district, Back Bay, The South End, The North End and even Cambridge from here. Or you can stick right around and have a great time! Awesome restaurants are just around the corner: Figs, 75 Chestnut, Bin 26, Tatte, Panificio, Toscanos, and more. Plus lots of cute shopping. Go check out Acorn Street for classic Beacon Hill photos!
Beacon Hill is incredible.  Its centrally located to everything.  Its cute and architecturally stunning. There are shops and top rated restaurants within blocks.  You can also see glimpses of the park from the windows.
Beacon Hill is known for its charm and prime access to all the transit lines of Boston. The neighborhood is lit with gas lamps and has old brick buildings and sidewalks, most of which date to the mid to late 19th century.
Beacon Hill is located central to Boston with easy 10-20 minute walk to so much of Boston:  > Charles St. and boutique shopping, restaurants, wine shop, antique shops > Boston Market - an artisan emporium with prepared and fresh foods, handcrafts, Jasper Hill cheeses, pastured grass raised meats, fresh fish market straight off the boat each day, Taza chocolate, ice cream and other sweet treats. > Boston Garden with swan boats [in season], lovely plantings and walks, "Make Way for Ducklings" bronze child-sized and sittable sculpture > Boston Common with children's wading pool turned public skating rink in winter > Back Bay with boutique shopping, art galleries on Newbury St; Copley Place [upscale shopping] > TD Bank Sports Arena - Bruins, Celtics > Freedom Trail - walking tour of historical Boston sites > Duck Boat tours including drive through city and out into inner harbor > Day trips out to Boston Harbor Islands > Museum of Fine Arts, Gardner Museum, Science Museum  > MBTA access to 
Beacon Hill is mainly known for its history but it is incredibly pleasant, charming, and safe (there is a 24-hour security watch at the State House 1 block away). Bordered by the Boston Common to the south and numerous local restaurants, vintage stores, and all kinds of local retail shops to the west, the place is ideally situated and is a wonderful place to return after a long day of exploring the nearby attractions. Beacon Hill is one of those neighborhoods that most people only read about - historical, charming, peaceful, but with plenty to do. The architecture of the buildings and the neighborhood's atmosphere often make me feel like I've traveled back in time to the colonial days, and I can picture American revolutionaries walking about the serene streets of Beacon Hill. The shops and taverns are quaint and offer a great shopping/dining/drinking experience. The Boston Common nearby is a great place to learn about American History but also to just rest during the day. Basically I l
Beacon Hill is my favorite neighborhood in Boston, home to individuals such as John Kerry, you never know who you will run into. Extremely safe and Charles St has many great restaurants, bars, and shops in the heart of Beacon Hill.
Beacon Hill is one of the most desirable areas in Boston because of it's central location, fantastic bars and restaurants, neighborhood feel, and combination of history with modern amenities (in this apartment). 
Beacon Hill is one of the oldest and most historic neighborhoods in Boston.  My home is in the heart of Beacon Hill and is easy walking distance to cafes, shops, restaurants, the Public Gardens and Common as well as many other great Boston sights including the State House, the Museum of Science, Newbury street, movie theaters, and the Charles River.  Beacon Hill is a very safe neighborhood and is home to young professionals, families, and some students. 
Beacon Hill is one of the the most desirable district in Boston. Living here you are in the heart of Boston and have an extremely quick access to everything.
Beacon Hill is the ideal walkable neighborhood.  Everything you could need is within walking distance including MGH, Whole Foods, CVS, numerous bars and restaurants and outdoor space in Boston Common, The Public Garden and The Charles River Esplanade.
Beacon Hill is the most Historic neighborhood in Massachusetts. Colonial era, Boston brownstones, cobblestone streets, and the gas lanterns, will transport you to the 1800's. My place is amazingly located among it all.
Beacon Hill is the most elegant and historic neighborhood in Boston and is known as one of the finest urban neighborhoods in the United States of America.  It is at the center of Boston, walking distance from every principal attraction.  Next to the gorgeous city parks -- the Public Garden with its Swan Boats and famous Ducklings, the Boston Common, the Esplanade and the Charles River as well as the Hatch Shell, it is also home to Charles Street, one of the most photographed commercial streets in America.  With great restaurants and bars, high-end stores, boutiques, galleries and antique shops, along with fine food and wine shops, Charles Street has it all.  An evening walk through the gaslit streets of Beacon Hill is often considered a highlight of any trip to Boston.  It is all at your door. All that listed above is within a two to three minute walk from our front door. Within a five minute walk is the world class destination shopping and restaurants of Newbury and Boylston Streets, 
Beacon Hill, as a neighborhood, is as old as Boston itself. The "flat of the Hill" is reclaimed land; Charles St. was laid out in 1805, and the City gradually filled in what became Otis Place, Beaver Place, Byron, River, Lime and Brimmer streets. This was originally part of the Back Bay. Mews (carriage houses & stables) to some extent, although the first block of Brimmer were all grand townhouses; some still are.
Beacon Hill, as a neighborhood, is as old as Boston itself. The "flat of the Hill" is reclaimed land; Charles St. was laid out in 1805, and the City of Boston gradually filled in what became Otis Place, Beaver Place, Byron, River, Lime and Brimmer streets. This was originally part of the Back Bay. Mews (carriage houses & stables) to some extent, although the first block of Brimmer were all grand townhouses, mansions; some still are.
Beacon Hill, one of the oldest & most picturesque neighborhoods in the U.S., is a thriving residential community & a popular tourist destination, located just a short walk from Boston's theater district. This charming historic area, with Federal, Greek Revival & Victorian architecture is known for its historical landmarks, and its many antique shops, boutiques, and fine eating and drinking establishments along Charles Street. The area, approximately one-half to three quarters of a mile square, is bounded by Cambridge Street on the north, Somerset Street on the east, Beacon Street on the south, and Storrow Drive on the west. The Massachusetts State House, with its magnificent gilded dome, is a prominent landmark on Beacon Street just across from the Boston Common, a popular park enjoyed by residents and tourists alike.
Beacon Hill...Boston's premier quaint neighborhood.
Beacon Hill...quaint and beautiful section of the city
Beacon Hill...right in the heart of the city.  Very close to government center
Beacon hill is a very historic part of Boston with lots of charm. As one of the oldest communities in Boston, it offers much to be seen and discovered. Its Victorian style architect, and stone paved side streets are one of the many endearing qualities Beacon Hill has to offer you. Take a stroll through boutiques, antique shops and historical land marks that surround the neighborhood. No matter the season, Beacon Hill is an enchanting neighborhood to see.
Beautiful quiet upscale part of the city. Minutes to Boston Commons and Downtown crossing. Only a small walk from MIT and Harvard.
Centrally located in Boston's historic Beacon Hill on the most popular destination in Beacon Hill (the condo is located on Charles Street), our condo sits steps away from fantastic boutiques and excellent restaurants.  Our historic Beacon Hill brownstone is located only a few blocks from the serene Boston Commons and Public Gardens, the Charles River Esplanade, MGH, and the Freedom Trail. One of Boston's oldest communities and likely Boston's best known neighborhood, Beacon Hill gets its name from a beacon that once stood atop its hill to warn locals about foreign invasion.  Approximately one square mile in size, Beacon Hill is bound by Beacon Street, Bowdoin Street, Cambridge Street and Storrow Drive.  Its architecture and layout is reflective of old colonial Boston, consisting of brick row houses with beautiful doors, decorative iron work, brick sidewalks, narrow streets, and gas lamps.  Beacon Hill is home to the Massachusetts State House.  Charles Street, the neighborhood's main th
Charles St, in Beacon Hill is one of - if not THE - most desirable locations in all of Boston.  Charming brick streets, gas lamps, 17th and 18th century New England architecture, cafes, boutique shops and restaurants galore are literally right outside your front door.  Just minutes walk to the Beautiful Boston Commons, the Charles River, the famed Newbury St., and more make this little place a top choice for your visit.  Jump on the  "T" just down the street, and arrive within minutes to Harvard Square, Porter Square, Central Square, Kendall Square, and more.  Whole foods is a 7 minute walk.  Nearly "perfect" in every way, once you get a taste of this amazing spot, you will not want to leave.
Charles Street is one of the most popular streets in Boston, known best for the cafes, restaurants and boutique retailers that line the pedestrian friendly street. Beacon Hill also has a lot of great history to offer.
Charles Street, located in the beautiful and elegant Beacon Hill neighborhood, makes modern city living simple yet luxurious. Regarded as one of Boston's most desirable neighborhoods, Beacon Hill is filled with historic charm and is lined with beautiful brownstone buildings and red brick sidewalks. Picturesque streets and classic architecture make Beacon Hill a charming and convenient place to live.
Charming charming charming!
Come stay with us in Boston's historic Beacon Hill.  The apartment is located less than a mile from nearly every major area Boston (North End, MGH, Back Bay, Boston Commons, the Waterfront & the Financial District).
Easily one of the prettiest neighborhoods in Boston! Fine dining, original designer clothing, and one of a kind shops galore abounds here. Tourists can walk to the major sites within minutes.
Fantastic location behind the State House on a quiet, tree-lined street with brick sidewalks. Close to transportation, restaurants, Whole Foods, banks and services.  Walk to the Financial District, the Theater, District, MGH, etc.
Gas lamps.  Great architectural detail.  99.5% masonry buildings, all more or less dating between 1830 and 1910.   Ivy here and there. A couple of wood framed gems from the 17th and 18th centuries tucked in here and there.  Little passageways through blocks.  A couple of very nice playgrounds.  Great proximity to esplanade, Boston Common and Charles street (shopping/restaurants).
Gas lamps. Great architectural detail. 99.5% masonry buildings, all more or less dating between 1830 and 1910. Ivy here and there. A couple of wood framed gems from the 17th and 18th centuries tucked in here and there. Little passageways through blocks. A couple of very nice playgrounds. Great proximity to esplanade, Boston Common and Charles street (shopping/restaurants).
Great and safe neighborhood.  Large young professional residents and families living in the area.
Grocery stores, restaurants, café houses & shops are all around the area !  Whichever side you choose to explore in the surroundings, you will find a place you had to discover. Five minutes walk and you'll be in the Boston Common, Charles Street, Downtown or Charles River Esplanade. Five more and you will reach Back Bay (for shopping!), North End (italian area), Chinatown or Haymarket...
Historic Streets. Gas lite Lanterns. Beautiful Brownstones. There is no other place in the city that compares. We are right next: Massachusetts state house Boston Common Quincy Market Charles St (boutique shops and restaurants) Whole Foods TD Bank Garden North End Wholefoods
Historic classic quiet Beacon Hill... Short walk to Charles Street and many restaurants, grocery stores, cafes, liquor stores, and boutique local shops.
Historic neighborhood with great access to downtown, public transportation, shopping and food markets. I love the history, the people, the architecture and the overall European flavor of this unique  neighborhood.
Historic, charming.  And the brick sidewalks and gaslamps. But in winter watch out for the ice on the brick.  I walk down the street because there's no traffic in this quiet area. 
Historic, gas lantern district located literally in the center of Boston which makes the whole city very walkable. The unit is strategically located very close to a Whole Foods market. Arrange for a Beacon Hill walking tour in order to get the most out of the location!
Historical, quaint and central to everything.  
History Beacon Hill is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston. There are many tourist attractions and things to do. To name a few: 1. Stop on the Freedom Trail (downloadable via iphone, walkable trail of colonial era monuments throughout boston) 2. Granary Burial Ground 3. MGH (first operative theater, separate museum on medical instruments) Restaurants (all within 5 minutes on Charles or Cambridge Street) -Fins (sushi) -Paramount (burgers) -Lala Roukh (nice meditarranean) -Fig (artisanal wood fired pizzas) -Tip Tap Room (great beers and food) We are only 2 minutes walk from the Red Line subway and less than a 20 minute walk or less from all major Boston neighborhoods (Back Bay, Downtown, Cambridge) Parks/Walking (recommend you visit all of these as they are very close to each other) -Boston Commons (5-7 min walk) -Boston Public Garden (10 min walk) -Commonwealth Avenue walkway (10 min walk) -Charles river esplanade walk and running trail (5-7 min walk) Shopping -Newbury street bout
It's Beacon Hill... it's a tourist destination... pretty much out of a movie set and super convenient to all of Boston.
Just steps to the Boston Common and located in Beacon Hill. This apartment is in the center of Downtown Boston and the Freedom Trail. Everything is close by and walkable. There is a convenience store in the building - easy for getting quick groceries. There are also 2 restaurants in the building and tons of other restaurants close. All of the major subway lines are only a 5 minute walk away. The locaiton is perfect!  A Whole Foods is a 10-minute walk It is at the intersection of Beacon Street and Bowdoin Street in downtown Boston. Beacon Hill is located directly behind the gold domed State House adjacent to the downtown section. Today, Beacon Hill is regarded as one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Boston offering character and charm seldom matched elsewhere in the city.  Charles Street is the neighborhood's main street and is filled with antique shops, enticing cafes, restaurants, delectable food shops, and boutiques. Cambridge Street offers restaurants, a Whole Foods supermarke
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!! Steps outside the front door is Whole Foods supermarket, CVS, and a few restaurants and bars.   Across the street from the world famous Mass General Hospital (MGH).
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!! You are two min away from the Whole Foods supermarket, CVS, and a many different restaurants and bars.   Across the street from the world famous Mass General Hospital (MGH).
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!! You are two min away from the Whole Foods supermarket, CVS, and a many different restaurants and bars. Across the street from the world famous Mass General Hospital (MGH).
Located on quiet, upscale residential neighborhood, Beacon Hill.  The apartment is close to shopping, parks, super markets (I.e. Whole Foods ) and transportation (Blue Line Bowdoin Station/Airport).  You will never want for fun things to do in the area!
Location, Location, Location!!! Come stay in Boston's historic Beacon Hill. The apartment is located less than a mile from nearly every major area Boston (North End, MGH, Back Bay, Boston Commons, the Waterfront & the Financial District). You are in the heart of Boston, walking distance to all Boston's main attractions.
My apartment is in a prime location - one block from the famous Boston Common and Boston Public Garden, a 5-10 minute walk to Newbury Street shopping, and a 10-minute walk to the Boston Harbor waterfront or across the Charles River to Cambridge.    A great pedestrian/cycling/running path along the Charles is 3 minutes away!
Once the home of Wendell Phillips, Henry Thoreau, and Daniel Webster, a hub on the Underground Railroad, and site of one of the first integrated public schools, Beacon Hill is now home to everyone from John Kerry, Suffolk University students, nurses at nearby Mass General Hospital, and to up-and-coming professionals like me! Tree-lined, gas-lit cobblestone streets lead to pocket parks, quaint shopping on Charles Street, the Common (the oldest American park) and its elegant public garden, and to Boston's famous Esplanade. Visit the African-American History Museum a few blocks a way and tour the African-American Heritage Trail to learn the stories of one of the coolest neighborhoods in Boston. Boston's Freedom Trail picks up a few blocks away, Cambridge is a single stop up the Red Line, and the North End is within walking distance.
One of Boston's oldest communities, Beacon Hill gets its name from a beacon that once stood atop its hill to warn locals about foreign invasion. Approximately one square mile in size, Beacon Hill is bound by Beacon Street, Bowdoin Street, Cambridge Street and Storrow Drive. Its architecture and lay- out is reflective of old colonial Boston, consisting of brick row houses with beautiful doors, decorative iron work, brick sidewalks, narrow streets, and gas lamps. Beacon Hill is also home to the Massachusetts State House and America's first African Meeting House. Charles Street, the neighborhood's main thoroughfare, is lined with antique shops and restaurants. Beacon Hill has been home to many notable Americans, including Louisa May Alcott, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Daniel Webster, Robert Frost, Sylvia Plath, and Senator John Kerry.
One of the most popular tourist attractions in Boston, the Freedom trail, is literally a few steps from the apartment. Beacon Hill is a historic neighborhood in Boston with beautiful brownstones and interesting architecture.
One of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston, Beacon Hill is located on top of a hill. This is a residential neighborhood with beautiful apartments and warm streets. Dog friendly neighborhood. Numerous antique shops and nice cafes / restaurants on the Charles St.
Our condo is on a quiet Beacon Hill street but is accessible to all the city has to offer. Close to State House, MANY COLLEGES (Suffolk, Emerson, Northeastern, Boston University, MIT, Harvard), Boston Common, the Wyndham Hotel and the Liberty Hotel, Charles River, Luxurious Beacon Hill provides the privacy of a residential neighborhood and also the convenience of being close to all major attractions, T stops, restaurants + bars, CVS (pharmacy), Whole Foods (grocery), and boutique shops.
Quaint and quiet with tree lined streets. Close to Charles St with its many restaurants, cafes and small boutique shops. The esplanade with its running and cycling paths are close by. Boston Common and the Public Gardens are a short walk away. The apartment is a 2 minute walk to Whole Foods and a 24 hour pharmacy. 
Quaint, beautiful, historic neighborhood with unique shops and the Boston Commons in walking distance.
Quiet tree lined pedestrian street, next to State house. Very secure neighborhood.
River Street is a quiet tree lined street that runs parallel to Charles Street on the "flat" of Beacon Hill.  Exceptional restaurants, shopping and culture abound.  Near Mass General, TD Garden, downtown, Fanueil Hall, the Public Gardens,  Back Bay, Fenway Park, Boston's colleges and Universities plus and all the best Boston has to offer.
River Street is a quiet tree lined street that runs parallel to Charles Street on the "flat" of Beacon Hill. Exceptional restaurants, shopping and culture abound. Near Mass General, TD Garden, downtown, Fanueil Hall, the Public Gardens, Back Bay, Fenway Park, Boston's colleges and Universities plus and all the best Boston has to offer.
The Beacon Hill area is unique and has the feel of over a century ago with the brick sidewalks, gas street lamps, hitching posts and some cobble stone streets. From the City of Boston website: One of Boston's oldest communities, Beacon Hill gets its name from a beacon that once stood atop its hill to warn locals about foreign invasion. Approximately one square mile in size, Beacon Hill is bound by Beacon Street, Bowdoin Street, Cambridge Street and Storrow Drive. Its architecture and lay- out is reflective of old colonial Boston, consisting of brick row houses with beautiful doors, decorative iron work, brick sidewalks, narrow streets, and gas lamps. Beacon Hill is also home to the Massachusetts State House and America's first African Meeting House. Charles Street, the neighborhood's main thoroughfare, is lined with antique shops and restaurants. Beacon Hill has been home to many notable Americans, including Louisa May Alcott, Oliver Wendell Homes, Daniel Webster, Robert Frost, Sylvia 
The Beacon Hill location is the nicest and prettiest area of the city.  It is virtually in the center of   Boston, which means that you can walk to any other part of Boston with ease.  This is the historic district and the architecture of the neighborhood consists of many Federal era and Victorian era homes.  It is a very safe location and as you walk along Charles Street (which is the main street in the Beacon Hill) you will find wonderful restaurants, food markets, coffee shops and little antique stores.   You will be two blocks from the Boston Common and the Public Garden.   16 Cedar Lane Way is a little cobblestone street, just off Mount Vernon Street, half a block from Charles Street. The small brick building was built in the early 1800's.
The Beacon Hill location is the nicest and prettiest area of the city. It is virtually in the center of   Boston, which means that you can walk to any other part of Boston with ease. This is the historic district and the architecture of the neighborhood consists of many Federal era and Victorian era homes. It is a very safe location and as you walk along Charles Street (which is the main street in the Beacon Hill) you will find wonderful restaurants, food markets, coffee shops and little antique stores.
The apartment is located in the Beacon Hill section of Boston.  It is an historical area, centrally located.
The beauty of the Boston Common and Boston Garden are at your front door.
The best part of Beacon Hill, for me, is the architecture and funky ways that people have adapted their buildings over the years.  A rich history is woven into the fabric of every street, so much so that one can feel a part of America's past, both distant and near.  The adjacent parks offer a delightful counterpoint with the colorful flowers and green of lawns and trees (think shade in the summer, besides amazing specimen trees), and the refreshing feeling from the water resources, be it the Charles River or the ponds.
The gaslights, Georgian architecture, brick sidewalks, and cobblestone alleys of Beacon Hill make it one of the most historically significant residential neighborhoods in the country. (This part of New England really does feel a bit London-ish.) And with its one-way streets discouraging through traffic, Beacon Hill remains peaceful and quiet despite being an easy (and scenic) walk to a ton of the city's attractions.
The most quintessential and historic neighborhood in Boston.
The most superb spot in all of Boston! You'll love this because it's close to everything and has a neat selection of cafes, restaurants, and shops nearby!
The place is in the middle of historic beacon hill. You will be a 10 minute walk to the beautiful Boston Commons, the North End, Haymarket, Charles River, Newbury Street, TD Garden, and Science Museum. You are a short subway ride from Children's Museum, the Institute of Contemporary Art, Museum of Fine Arts, Fenway Park. We are down the street from Mass General Hospital, Government Centre, The State House, North Station as well as three T stations with service on the red, green and blue lines.
These apartments are in an architecturally renovated Victorian Brownstone in a most popular and safe neighborhood, the Back Bay/South End right near Copley Place and the Prudential Center.    Brick sidewalks and brownstones line the streets with fountain parks and ornate wrought iron fences. The area is a hot spot for restaurants and shops. This neighborhood is the hub for local culture, cuisine and architecture giving visitors a true Boston experience The area abounds with restaurants, markets, shopping, museums and art galleries. The historic sights are easily accessible either by walking or taking our subway (The "T) which is only two streets from the apartment. There is a laundry facility in the basement of the building, free of charge for your use.
This historic neighborhood of Boston, known for classic brick sidewalks lined with gas lamps. It's one of the most classic and charming neighborhoods in the city and is complete with the Massachusetts State House at the top of the hill. On one of the most prominent train lines, this ideally set-up for quick access to Cambridge and Boston's Financial District. A block from Charles Street, visitors can stroll along the most chic strolling street in the city that leads straight in Boston's Public Gardens.
This is one of the nicest neighborhoods in Boston. It is across the park from the Four Seasons, Ritz, and Millenium Towers, walking distance to North Station, all subway lines, Haymarket, Mass General Hospital, Charles Street, and the myriad shops and restaurants around Boston Common, Newbury street and Copley place. There are incredibly delicious outdoor breakfast, lunch, and dinner places on Charles Street, which is one of the oldest streets of Boston.
This neighborhood is Boston's secret getaway. Beacon Hill is very quiet and there is endless beautiful sightseeing, but is still at then cities center. We are within walking distance (15 mins) of the North End also known as "little Italy". There are amazing pastries, food at Fanieul Hall, and walks along the water. We are also 10 mins away from the Boston Public Garden where you can enjoy a relaxing ride on the historical swan boats. Also not far away (15 mins) is located the famous Newbury street, where you can enjoy shopping, fine dinning, and wonderful sightseeing. There is also many museums such as the Museum of Fine Arts, Museum of Contemporary Art, and the Isabella Stewart Gardener Museum. There is also a movie theater, aquarium, and even a zoo just minutes away. Last but not least, we are 10 minutes away from a lovely public farmers market open everyday of the week that has wonderful locally grown foods from Massachusetts and Vermont.
Tons of amazing restaurants, bars, shops around the corner along Charles Street, and many others a short walk away. Steps to Boylston and Newbury streets in the Back Bay. A short walk to Faneuil Hall shopping and dining area. Lots of food delivery available, too, and there is often no charge for delivery (beside tipping the driver, of course).
Upscale, quite, close by and easy to get around. Lots of shops and stores nearby. Groceries and attractions are the closest you could be.
Vibrant neighborhood near the park. Lots of food, dining and entertainment options.
Walk to everything: food, transportation, tourist attractions, MGH. Walkable attractions include: the State House, Government Center, Boston Commons, Boston Gardens, Charles River, historic Charles Street, TD Garden. Easy train ride to Fenway Park.
We are located in the most desirable neighborhood in the city... Walk to everything from this sleek, modern studio in Boston's exclusive Beacon Hill neighborhood, near  the Boston Commons, scenic Charles River Esplanade, Newbury Street shopping, and Copley Square.  Visit hundreds of shops and restaurants. Newbury Street, called the 'Rodeo Drive of the East,' is a shopper's paradise - and only minutes from your private studio apartment! An eclectic mix of shops and restaurants include high-end stores like Chanel, Armani, Burberry, and Valentino, interspersed with shopping-mall staples, vintage shops, and home goods. Take a break at one of the many food and drink pit stops in the area - perhaps a coffee at Starbucks, fro-yo at Pinkberry, or a glass of wine paired with upscale French, Japanese, and Italian cuisine.* Copley Square is home to two of Boston's tallest skyscrapers, the Prudential Center and John Hancock Tower, as well as the Hynes Convention Center, Boston Public Library, and 
With gas-lit streets and brick sidewalks, Beacon Hill is the most charming neighborhood in all of Boston. Wandering through Beacon Hill is like stepping back in time to an age of elegance. Brick townhouses with beautifully groomed window-boxes line the streets that curve up and down the slope of the hill, and every few blocks is a small shop or dry cleaner. There is a Whole Foods Market just down the street for convenient grocery shopping! Charles St is right down the hill, and has many restaurants, cafes, and boutiques. Beacon Hill is directly next to the Boston Common and Public Gardens, which are a true Boston highlight.
You can access public transportation very easily from my apartment. But most likely, you'll see that you most likely just have to walk to reach your destination in downtown Boston since my location is in the center of everything.
You will love all the great restaurants and shopping around Beacon Hill. It is a neighborhood of Federal-style rowhouses and is known for its narrow, gaslit streets and brick sidewalks. It is also one of the most desirable neighborhoods to live in around Boston. For retail/shopping there are great specialty and boutique shops on Charles Street and Newbury Street and the Copley Place and Prudential Mall are a 10 minute walk away. This really is the best location in Boston as all the reviews can attest to.