
-Charlestown, Boston's oldest neighborhood is known for its classic architecture, historic sites, parks, and trendy restaurants -Step out the door to a charming, quiet tree-lined street of brick row-houses -Safe neighborhood, mainly populated by young families and professionals
Beautiful tree-lined, gas-light district, brick sidewalks, 1 block from freedom trail.  Incredibly walkable location with access to bikesharing (Hubway) service - three portals nearby.  View of Bunker hill Monument from adjacent sidewalk, coffee shop across street.
Beautiful, quiet neighborhood in gas-light district Charlestown. One block from downtown Charlestown which includes many fine restaurants and coffee shops. You can't get any closer to the Charlestown Bridge/North End. Directly on the Freedom Trail. One block away: Legal Seafoods Oysteria, Todd English's Figs, Warren Tavern (restaurants) 5 minute walk: Whole Foods, convenience store (Tedeschi's), ice cream shop (Emack & Bolio's), coffee shop (Sorelle's; Zume's)
Boston has never looked better, from Charlestown. The navy yard is known for it history for more than one reason. It is one of the oldest shipbuilding facilities in the United States. The USS constitution ship & museum, the freedom trail and the Bunker Hill monument are just a few mins apart from this apartment. One can access the hip bar on the Pier and historic restaurants near the trail. The apartment is located in a very quite, family friendly neighborhood. The neighborhood gives you easy access to banks/atm, CVS, Tedeschi, Navy Yard Bistro, wholefoods, cafes, restaurants, post office, Mass General Hospital and Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital.
Bunker Hill Monument and the Navy Yard in charlestown are both very historic.
Cambridge is a short walk into Boston, and set on the Charles River, so nice walking/ running paths and scenery.
Charlestown Marina is newly renovated and has picturesque views of Boston.  You will find a number of restaurants within walking distance, as well as a Whole Foods and other shops a short taxi ride away.
Charlestown has all the great traits of a neighborhood while still being located in the city. This apartment is a 5-10 minute walk from a variety of amenities such as restaurants and bars, parks, and other historical sites.
Charlestown has the best of all worlds. It is urban, but quiet, historical, but with contemporary amenities. Paul Revere picked up his horse on a stable across the street from our house. (Don't worry, the stable is no longer there!) 
Charlestown is Boston's oldest neighbourhood.  It's a charming, historic area that's home to to the Navy Yard, Bunker Hill Monument and Freedrom Trai.  It's  known for it's charm, tree-lined streets and beautiful homes.   Charlestown has many great pubs and restaurants, including a Legal Seafoods (Legal Oysteria), The Warren Tavern (one of the oldest pubs in the US) and Figs.   Charlestown is walking distance to the North End and TD Garden (20 minutes), and downtown (30 minutes).  If you prefer public transit, there are two T stops (Community College and Sullivan Square) and many bus stops.
Charlestown is a lovely neighborhood with easy access to the best parts of the city.  Please take the time to go see The Bunker Hill Monument and follow the freedom trail.  The Bunker Hill Monument is about a 10 min walk away and is a treat for anyone who hasn't seen with exceptional views of the city.
Charlestown is a prestigious, historic oasis located 5 minutes away from downtown Boston.
Charlestown is a quaint, historic neighborhood (the oldest in Boston!) that offers cozy side streets and hidden parks to explore. The expanding restaurant options include: Navy Yard Bistro - Great Al Fresco Dining  Legal Oysteria - Italian Seafood Tangerino - Morrocan /North African food with hookah bar and belly dancers Paolo's - Traditional Italian American The Brewers Fork - A quirky brew pub that features an eclectic selection of  local and international beers and wood fired cuisine
Charlestown is a wonderful family-friendly neighborhood in Boston. Right on the freedom trail, it is walkable, bike-able, and accessible to public transportation and highways.
Charlestown is charming, quiet, and historic, but still just a stone's throw away from all the action Boston has to offer. A number of local restaurants  and bars including Todd English's Figs, Warren Tavern, Ironsides Grill, Old Sully's, Legal Oysteria (Legal Sea Foods), and others. Short walk to Whole Foods, CVS, Post Office, and casual restaurants.
Charlestown is home to two significant historical sites: the USS Constitution, and the Bunker Hill monument. These Freedom Trail finds make most "must" lists for Boston residents and visitors alike. Enjoy a stroll through the Navy Yard to check out Old Ironsides then head up the hill to see why Bunker Hill played such a prominent role the our fight for Freedom. This American Revolution landmark sits high above the city's landscape allowing a spectacular view of the water below. Very easy access to all of Boston as well!!
Charlestown is one of the most historic of Boston's Neighborhoods. It is a mix of history, charm and waterfront.  Visit the Bunker Hill Monument, USS Constitution and their associated museums or start the Freedom Trail and head over to the North End.
Charlestown is the ideal Boston location. The neighborhood has plenty of parks, including the Bunker Hill Monument, and several restaurants and bars. There is a Whole Foods within walking distance, and the condo has easy access to the North End, Somerville and Cambridge. Grasshopper (for brunch) is around the corner, and Brewer's Fork (a great new gastropub) is a 5-minute walk. The Navy Yard, with restaurants and cafes and a YMCA, and the Downeast Cider House, a cider brewery, are each a 10 minute walk.
Charlestown is the oldest neighborhood in Boston and contains several places of historic interest, all within walking distance. Visit the Bunker Hill Monument, Old Ironsides docked in the Navy Yard on the harbor, and continue along Boston’s Freedom Trail for more history!
Charlestown is the oldest neighborhood in Boston.  The Charlestown Navy Yard is a unique area, it was originally developed as a location to repair military ships and today retains a lot of the historic culture.  First-class restaurants and friendly coffee shops, wine bistros and waterfront taverns, all combine to create an array of delightful diversions.
Charlestown is truly a residential neighborhood with quiet, tree-lined streets and historic squares and monuments. Yet its residents enjoy convenient and easy access to many services within a short walk, as well as downtown Boston and Cambridge via public transit.
Charlestown, although technically part of the city of Boston, is a quiet historic neighborhood on the Freedom Trail with national monuments such as the U.S. Constitution and the Bunker Hill Monument and many restaurant options all within walking distance.
Everything is within walking distance!  Restaurants, Wholefoods, coffee shops, hardware store, florist, liquor store - all within a few blocks!!!
Historical and safe.
I love our neighborhood of Charlestown! It's a part of Boston that is truly underrated. We routinely go for walks downtown, to the north end, to the harbor walk, and to local pubs and cafes. Part of C-town feels very colonial - the gas lit streets, the red brick townhouses, the Bunker hill monument, the Warren tavern. And other parts feel very maritime - the docks, pier 6 tavern, Old Ironsides. And all of it is a young living neighborhood with easy access to the T, buses, Whole Foods, and cafes. Although we see tourists all the time on the Freedom Trail, it's a real neighborhood with people playing football in the street with their kids, neighbors catching up on the sidewalk, and fun local traditions.
I love the charm and history of Charlestown.  The historic Navy Yard is a beautiful place for a stroll.  Take in the best views of the city at Pier 6.  The Bunker Hill Monument and Museum are a must stop on your trip to Boston.  Charlestown is loaded with great restaurants.  Some of my favorites are: the pizza at Figs, the view from Pier 6, and the scene at Legal Oysteria.  Walk a little further and you reach the world famous North End and Little Italy.
I love the history of Charlestown and how friendly everyone is. I have lived in other parts of the city and never have I felt more at home than I do in Charlestown. So many things are in walking distance: grocery stores, bars, restaurants, coffee shop, etc. The North End, TD Garden and Navy Yard are only a 10 walk, too! I take a look left out my front door and see the Bunker Hill Monument and a look right and see City Square and the Zakim Bridge. Can't beat that!
In the Neighborhood: numerous parks, pool, bike paths,Whole Food, Tangerino’s restaurant, Fig’s pizzeria, Oysteria (Legal Sea Food), Grasshopper cafe, Zume and Sorelle, antique shops and much more.  We are near the Bunker Hill Burying Ground, which is Charlestown's second municipal burial place (the first was established on Phipps Street in 1630). In the summer a pool opens on Bunker Hill St. There is also a gym down the street at the YMCA in the Navy Yard (it has an indoor pool and a basket ball court). The walking path alongside the water in the Navy Yard is amazing in the summer.
In the heart of Charlestown. Right across from the shopping plaza which features stores like Whole Foods, CVS, postal office, Super cuts, Dunkin Donuts, Zumes Coffee shop, Citizen's Bank, etc.  Free street parking Saturday/Sunday. 2h limited street parking during the week 8-6 pm. Free week night parking after 6 pm. For full day, non residential parking check online options:  (URL HIDDEN)
In this picturesque neighborhood, the streets are lined with old fashioned gaslights which cast a glow on the gorgeous brick buildings. Great for walks, you could head toward the Monument, the site of the battle between the Patriots and the British in 1775, or follow the brick-lined path of the famous “Freedom Trail”. The North End, a short walk away, is a gastronome’s delight. Or you could catch a game at nearby TD Garden, take the subway to Fenway Park, or ride a bike along the scenic Charles river.
It is on the waterfront, few steps from the Boston Harbor Walk deck, quiet and safe, yet 15-20 minutes walk from downtown Boston and Cambridge. The Navy Yard is very popular place to live for young professionals, especially in research, medical, biotech, financials due to the proximity to these institutions around. The USS Constitution Tall Ship - the oldest all sails warship in service by the US Navy is open for visitors year round, the US Constitution Museum, the Freedom Trail etc. are three blocks away
Located in the safe and beautiful Charlestown Navy Yard, with water views of downtown, two blocks from the beginning of the Freedom Trail. Charlestown is the oldest neighborhood of Boston and is rich with history. The apartment is minutes away from historic sites like the Bunker Hill Monument, USS Constitution (oldest commissioned warship in the world), and Boston National Historic Park. The Navy Yard is fairly quiet at night, as there are no loud bars or clubs within two blocks of the building, but places to eat, shop, and visit are minutes away. Close access to the Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), Boston Logan Airport, New England Aquarium, TD Garden. Short commute to most major Boston area colleges and universities (Boston University, Harvard, MIT, Tufts Medical School, Mass General Hospital IHP, Suffolk, Simmons, Emmanuel)
Located on a quiet tree lined street, just a short walk to the newly built Assembly Mall ( 12 screen movie theatre, LEGOLAND, plenty of restaurants, retail outlets etc.) Supermarket located at 8 min walk.
MGH, North End, and Navy Yard are only a few minutes away. This building is located in Historic Gaslight District off Bunker Hill Monument.
Our neighborhood is very quiet, yet you are close to everything you need or want to explore in Boston.  We have great restaurants/coffee shops, parks, grocery stores, outlet shopping 1.5 miles away, bike trails along the waterfront, a full track field across the street for running or outdoor play.  Everything is walkable in our town, that is why we love it!
Quiet one way dead end street in Charlestown - walking distance to a number of shops and restaurants, and 15 min walk to North End and downtown Boston.
Situated on the banks of Boston Harbor and the Mystic River on the north side of the city, Charlestown has translated its historical roots into a thriving 21st Century neighborhood. As the home to such significant landmarks as the U.S.S. Constitution, the Bunker Hill Monument and the Navy Yard, Charlestown's allure has enticed a new generation of immigrants and young professionals to join its traditionally Irish-American population. Residents, new and old, frequent the local restaurants and establishments along Main Street and in City Square. 
Situated on the banks of Boston Harbor and the Mystic River on the north side of the city, Charlestown has translated its historical roots into a thriving 21st Century neighborhood. As the home to such significant landmarks as the U.S.S. Constitution, the Bunker Hill Monument and the Navy Yard, the Charlestown neighborhood boasts the most charming picturesque streets without all the hustle and bustle of the city.  Downtown is a short walk where you can access the historic North End, Haymarket, Fanuiel Hall and Beacon Hill. Spend one night in Charlestown and you will for sure fall in love with the best neighborhood in Boston! Love the easy access to the "T," major highways and everything the city has to offer while maintaining a quiet and safe neighborhood feel. Bunker Hill Monument park, Warren Tavern and The Freedom Trail are a few "musts" just around the corner!
Sophisticated and historic, close to all downtown attractions 
THE HOUSE IS UNIQUE, HISTORICAL AND CHARLESTOWN IS ONE OF THE OLDEST TOWN IN THE USA.
THE historic neighborhood in America's historic city! Charlestown has it all from the iconic Bunker Hill to the colonial Warren Tavern.  The apartment is less than a ten minute walk to the Sullivan Square T stop (Orange Line). Alternatively the 93 bus stops across the street from the apartment and will take you downtown and beyond.  All the best spots in the city from Cambridge to Fenway are easily accessible and Logan Airport is only a 15 minute drive away.
The apartment offers a peaceful place to sleep and relax. It is situated on a lovely side street with a broad range of cuisine options nearby. Italian, Mexican, Brazilian, and Ethiopian food are a short walk away! The place is very clean, pet free and perfect for solo adventurers, business travelers and brief vacations.
The close proximity to boston
The history! Charlestown is Boston's oldest neighborhood and the birthplace of the Freedom Trail. The early American architecture is amazing, as are the people. Charlestown is one square mile, much like a small town within the city, with a wonderful and friendly neighborhood feeling.
The neighborhood is a mix of late 1800's style homes. The majority of the properties are owner occupied. It's a nice mix of lifelong 'Townies, young professionals and middle aged families.
The neighborhood is a mix of life long Townies and many newer residents. A good mix.
The walkable neighborhood is host to local parks, including the Bunker Hill Monument, grocery stores, coffee shops, cafes, bistros and other small eateries.
This is a busy urban neighborhood next to a T stop and  bus hub. It is a very convenient location which allows you to easily get to the most important places in Boston and Cambridge. There is Dunkin Donuts just a block away, Asian House restaurant, ATM, and a Tavern. If you take Orange line outbound, the next stop is Assembly Square-you will find a large variety of stores, coffee shops, and restaurants in there.
This is a busy urban neighborhood next to a T stop and  us hub. It is a very convenient location which allows you to easily get to the most important places in Boston and Cambridge. There is Dunkin Donuts just a block away, Asian House restaurant, ATM, and a Tavern. If you take Orange line outbound, the next stop is Assembly Square-you will find a large variety of stores, coffee shops, and restaurants in there.
This is a busy urban neighborhood next to a T stop and bus hub. It is a very convenient location which allows you to easily get to the most important places in Boston and Cambridge. There is Dunkin Donuts just a block away, Asian House restaurant, ATM, and a Tavern. If you take Orange line outbound, the next stop is Assembly Square-you will find a large variety of stores, coffee shops, and restaurants in there.
We have lovely neighbors, friendly merchants and the community around in which I live, as well as our brick sidewalks, pretty colored houses, apartments and condos. And there's always a dog that is being walked if you like the 4-legged creatures as well.
close walk to bars, train, whole foods. You're in the city but get to live a kind of suburb life at the same time. 