Across from Boston common and in the middle of everything !
Amazing location comfort and safety. The Boston Common is a minute walk at the end of the road. This apartment is in the heart of downtown crossing.
As mentioned earlier, this is downtown, so lively and convenient at all times. Food options till 4am and all the best bars and clubs are pretty much within a 5 min walk.
Bay Village is the most unique neighborhood in all of Boston. We are located on a quiet side street, yet we are 2 blocks away from the Common!  The narrow one-way network and irregular grid arrangement of the streets make the interior urban spaces of Bay Village  quiet and pedestrian-friendly, due to sparse automobile traffic. Most of the sidewalks are paved with brick, and are lit by gas streetlamps at night. The exterior appearance of buildings is protected by a Historic District designation administered by the Bay Village Architectural Commission. There are a few "vest-pocket" parks located within or nearby Bay Village, including Eliot Norton Park, nearby. The Boston Public Garden and Boston Common are located just two blocks away from the northern edge of Bay Village.
Bay Village of Boston is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston alone with Beacon Hill; they were built prior to the Back Bay and South End of Boston. Illuminated still by Street Gas Lamps adding charm to the streets  Bay Village is the heart of Boston where in a short walk you will find open air cafes, bars, Restaurants Theaters and Parks such as Boston Commons (Boston's version of Central park )and the Public garden among others.   - Charles River - great for walking/jogging (1 block north of the  public garden)  - Copley Square (5-10min walk away)  - The "T" (Boston's subway )2 min away
Beacon Hill is centrally located, convenient to everything and packed to the brim with history. The State House and the Boston Common are across the street. Shopping, banking, restaurants are all very close. Charles Street is a charming street about a 15 minute walk. It has many shops, cafes and grocery/wine stores.
Beacon Hill is one of Boston’s most historic neighborhoods.  Close to public transportation, the neighborhood offers antique shops, boutiques and restaurants. Beacon Hill is regarded as the most desirable and expensive neighborhood in Boston.
Beacon Hill is one of, if not THE, most historic, popular, and sought-after neighborhoods in all of Boston.  Its central location makes it second to none for visitors to imbibe all the sights and sounds of this amazing city.
Beacon Hill is quintessential Boston. One of the most historic parts of the city, it is home to some of its most famous residents, including John Kerry, who lives just up the hill. Be sure to visit Boston Common and say hello to the ducklings in the Boston Garden. Go grocery shopping at Savenor's, Julia Child's old haunt. Grab a pint at Cheers, just around the corner. And enjoy some of the best food in town at Toscano or a laid back brunch at Paramount
Beacon Hill is reflective of old colonial Boston yet quaint, classy and always festive.  It is known for its history of course but also the narrow, gaslit streets, ironwork, and brick sidewalks.    It overlooks the nations first public garden where the brick trail called the freedom trail begins and winds you into past American History and modern city life.   You will have access to the roof deck where you have an AMAZING view of Boston, Charles River and our beautiful State House.
Beacon Hill is the cradle of US history, with British architecture brick buildings that have house the city's elite since the 19th century.  21 Beacon opened as the Hotel Bellevue in 1899 and counts among its former tenants the author Louisa May Alcott, who completed "Little Women" while residing here, and John F. Kennedy launched his first congressional bid from the Bellevue.  In the 1950s, a popular TV detective series "21 Beacon" was based on this prestigious address.  This rich fabric of history today manifests itself in the area's unparalleled elegance with cobblestone streets and a myriad of fine dining options within a five-minute walk.
Boston's Financial District is the hub for the our amazing city's business, government, financial center, and private residences. Centrally located, it provides easy access to all Boston has to offer--casual and fine dining, nightlife, shopping, and of course, historical landmarks like Faneuil Hall. From here you can walk to the Boston Common and the Public Garden for a simple picnic or ride aboard our famous Swan boats; take a trolley ride or walk the Freedom Trail.
Boston's center of business and government combine with the Boston Common and the Public Garden to form a dynamic downtown. Downtown also serves as a sanctuary for shoppers, offering everything from large department stores to cozy boutiques. Home to many of Boston's most historic sites such as Faneuil Hall, downtown Boston will soon benefit from two innovative plans designed to enhance and enliven this area, the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway and the Crossroads Initiative. The Greenway will beautify this area by weaving twenty-seven acres of green space into the fabric of the city. Crossroads will introduce a new set of 21st century street standards through downtown and reunite the surrounding neighborhoods to Boston Harbor and each other, with the Greenway as the centerpiece.
Close proximity to public transportation, highways, restaurants, and shopping.  Only 1 min away walking from Boston Common, Macy's, Newberry Street. Very close to Copley Square and the Prudential.
Directions:  Keep right at the fork to continue toward Massachusetts 1A S.Keep right at the fork, follow signs for Massachusetts 1A S/Interstate 93 N/Sumner Tunnel and merge onto Massachusetts 1A S.Turn left to stay on Massachusetts 1A S.Toll road. Keep left at the fork, follow signs for Interstate 93 N/Government Center
Downtown Boston is a pleasure of sights and sounds. Picnic in the park or grab a bite at Archie's New York Deli. Shop around everything from small boutiques to major chains, including America's first Primark, the Ireland-based clothing retailer. For dinner, head over to The Merchant Kitchen & Drinks for late night bite and killer cocktail.  Downtown Crossing is a shopping district that is a small part of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, located due east of Boston Common and west of the Financial District. It features large department stores as well as restaurants, souvenir sellers, general retail establishments, and street vendors
Downtown Boston is fantastic! You don't need a car and have so much to do and to see. We are convinced that you will love the location!
Downtown Crossing. Financial District. Theater District.
Everything is close to my apartment. You can yelp around my neighborhood to see what's around.
Everything is walking distance or a very short train ride to all Boston has to offer. The Boston common is my backyard. Less than a block walk there.  On on the border of downtown, china town and back bay. 30 second walk to Panera bread, 7-11, Rock bottom brewery, W hotel, citi bank arts center, the majestic theatre, CVS, Walgreens, DD, Starbucks, and so much more!
If you (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) the area you'll notice it is in the heart of everything Boston has to offer - Boston common park, theaters, restaurants, bars, Charles River, etc.
If you (website hidden) the area you'll notice it is in the heart of everything Boston has to offer - Boston common park, theaters, restaurants, bars, Charles River, etc.
In the heart of everything you come to Boston to see. Walk to Boston Common, The Public Garden, Fanueil Hall, Quincy Market, The Aquarium, the North End, Theater District, Newbury Street and South Station. Surrounded by restaurants, pubs and shops and just a block or less from all subway (T) lines. 
It is close to everything! Proximity to so many different choices! Selection is everything in my opinion and this apartment lets you do it all. Faneuil Hall, Downtown, Midtown, Beacon Hill, Back Bay, Newbury.
Its very safe busy downtown crossing area.  Many Business and retailers are in this area.  Just like most of Metropolitan cities, we have our share of homeless folks on the street.  They are never harmful, but they are visible.
Just look on (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)-maps: it's THE best location in the city!
Located in the courtyard community of Downtown Crossing, a multitude of dining options and shopping destinations are at your disposal. Hamilton Crossing is located only steps from the serenity of Boston Common and the budding excitement of the newly - renovated Paramount Theater or Boston Opera House. Dine in a luxurious five - star restaurant or a bustling cafe on the corner. Historical sites such as the Freedom Trail and Old State House provide an outlet for daytime destinations.
Located in the heart of everything Boston has to offer - Boston common park, theaters, restaurants, bars, Charles River, Financial District etc
Location is the best part about this apartment. It is so conveniently located right in the heart of Boston. Boston commons is a block away. Huge grocery store just opened right across the street, Macy's, all subway lines right across the street (30 seconds away). Everything that Boston has to offer is right at your fingertips - restaurants, theaters, bars, and major tourist attractions within a short walk from you. You will never need to take a cab!
Location is unbeatable Apartment is next to W Hotel and Revere Hotel. Cabs are always lined up for your convenience. Walk to Bostons best destinations! Please feel free to email me with any questions :)
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – The Q Restaurant (1 min), Artisan Bistro (.1 mi), My Thai Vegan Café (1 min), Sip Wine Bar and Kitchen (.1 mi) •Faneuil Hall for shopping and dining – .8 mi •Shops at Prudential Center – 2 mi •Downtown Crossing  featuring local events, eclectic nightlife, history and culture – Freedom Trail, over 100 restaurants, and over 500 retailers – .4 mi •Massachusetts Convention Center – 1.1 mi •Copely Square - .8 mi •New England Aquarium – 1.2 mi •Boston Opera House - .5 mi •Near Tufts University (6.9 mi), Tufts Medical Center (1.1 mi), and Emerson College (.2 mi)
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – The Q Restaurant (1 min), Artisan Bistro (.1 mi), My Thai Vegan Café (1 min), Sip Wine Bar and Kitchen (.1 mi) •Faneuil Hall for shopping and dining – .8 mi •Shops at Prudential Center – 2 mi •Downtown Crossing  featuring local events, eclectic nightlife, history and culture – Freedom Trail, over 100 restaurants, and over 500 retailers – .4 mi •Massachusetts Convention Center – 1.1 mi •Copely Square - .8 mi •New England Aquarium – 1.2 mi •Boston Opera House - .5 mi •Near Tufts University (6.9 mi), Tufts Medical Center (1.1 mi), and Emerson College (.2 mi) This apartment is perfectly located between Boston’s Financial District and Theater District. This unit has x bedrooms, x bathrooms, WiFi, washer/dryer, and sleeps
My goodness, I don't even know where to start! EVERYTHING is close by. TD Garden is across the street if you want to catch a Celtics or Bruins game... or catch a concert! There are countless bars within steps of your front door. Walk across the street and enjoy dinner in the oldest Italian Neighborhood in the Unites Sates known as "The North End." There are trolly tours, coffee shops, grocery stores, restaurants and more... all at the tip of your fingers!
Near many world-famous landmarks just outside the door, from Boston Common to Quincy Market and Faneuil Hall. The splendors of downtown Boston.
Nearby Attractions | -TD Garden, home of the Bruins and Celtics: 1.4 miles | -North End: 2 miles | -The Paul Revere House: 2.1 miles | -Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park: 1.3 mile | -USS Constitution: 2.3 miles | -Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox: 1.9 miles | -Faneuil Hall: 1.4 miles | -Boston Common: 0.2 Mile | -Boston Public Garden: 0.3 Miles | -Boston Tea Party Ships & Museum 0.7 Miles |
Nearby Attractions | TD Garden, home of the Bruins and Celtics: 0.1 miles | North End: 0.4 miles | The Paul Revere House: 0.5 miles | Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park: 0.7 mile | USS Constitution: 1 miles | Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox: 2.7 miles | Faneuil Hall: 0.5 miles | Boston Common: 0.6 Mile | Boston Public Garden: 1 Miles | Boston Tea Party Ships & Museum 1.1 Miles |
Nearby Attractions: TD Garden, home of the Bruins and Celtics: 0.2 miles | North End: 0.6 miles  The Paul Revere House: 0.7 miles  Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park: 1.2 miles  USS Constitution: 1.1 miles  Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox: 2.7 miles  Faneuil Hall: 0.6 miles  Boston Common: 0.5 Mile  Boston Public Garden: 0.7 Miles  Boston Tea Party Ships & Museum 1.2 Miles
New England is so gorgeous in the Fall. Camping in the NH Wilderness with hot meals cooked over crackling fire and lake views, to city skylines, this Van can help you make the most out of your adventure.
No more than 5 mins walk, you can get to Macy's, H&M, GAP, Primark, TJ.Max, Footlocker, Lidz and so on. Chinatown is 7 mins walk from here. Also, there's so many fantastic restaurants around. The famous Boston Common is just besides within 1 mins walk. 公寓坐落在波士顿商业中心,不到5分钟步行的地方,你就可以到达各大购物商场,包括梅西百货,H&M,GAP,Primark等各大购物名品店。著名的景点Boston Common就在走路不到1分钟的地方,公寓也是Freedom trail自由之路的途经之地。
Our apartment in the vibrant and centrally located Downtown Crossing neighborhood is an ideal home base from which to explore Boston's plentiful offerings.  Downtown Crossing itself features plentiful cultural, professional, dining, entertainment, and historical offerings. Within a one block radius are three subway lines, a new upscale supermarket, an array of restaurants and shops as well as several nationally significant historic landmarks.  Among the nearby landmarks are: - Old South Meetinghouse (from where the Boston Tea Party started) - The Corner Bookstore (which once housed the publishing house of Ralph Waldo Emerson and Louisa May Alcott) - Boston Common (America’s oldest public park); - Massachusetts Statehouse (designed by Boston’s Charles Bulfinch who also designed the Capitol Building in Washington DC) - the Old Statehouse (the seat of power for the colonial British government) - the towers of Boston’s financial district - the shops of Downtown Crossing (including H&M, Mac
Our apartment is located on Boston's only pedestrian street in the heart of the city. Minutes from the Theater District, the Charles River, and literally across the street from the Common, you can't get a better location! Plus, the grocery store (Roche Bros) down the block, countless eateries, and nearby bars and restaurants (Yvonne's, JM Curley, and 49 Social), mean that you'll never go hungry.
Plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance.
Right outside your door find popular burger eatery Wheelhouse, or walk a little farther to for a pint at Irish pub Mr. Dooley's where it isn't uncommon for a fiddle jam session to break out.  True to its name, the Financial district is the business center of Boston, full of high-rises and thousands of workers who commute to downtown daily. Unlike other cities, this area of town stays busy even after work hours, with lots of cool restaurant and bars to enjoy, along with the access to the greenway, a stretch of park along Boston's downtown, Boston waterfront, Fanuiel Hall, and other historic sites. This neighborhood perfectly situates guests to easily explore all of Boston's classic sites.
Safe, central downtown Boston location that is within walking distance to the surrounding neighborhoods, public transportation, city attractions, restaurants, bars and nightlife.
Step outside your door and begin your historical tour of Boston.  Stop at Modern Bakery for a canoli  or piece of Ricotta pie  while  on your way to Paul Reveres home or the Old North Church just a few blocks from this apartment. Boston is beautiful, rich in history, and offers activities for all tastes. Best of all it is completely walkable from this location.  Haymarket Square is right outside your door with dozens of fresh fruit, vegetable, and flowers  vendors all  week-end long. The Holocaust Memorial is the park fronting our building, a very moving experience not to be missed.. The Haymarket, aquarium and Govenment Center T stops are all within a short 5-10 minute walk as is the waterfront and Faneuil Hall market place.
Step outside your door and begin your historical tour of Boston.  Stop at Modern Bakery for a canoli  or piece of Ricotta pie  while strolling thru the North end on your way to Paul Reveres home or the Old North Church. Boston is beautiful, rich in history, and offers activities for all tastes. Best of all it is completely walkable from this location.  Haymarket Square is right outside your door with dozens of fresh fruit, vegetable, and flowers  vendors all  week-end long. The Holocaust Memorial is the park fronting our building, a very moving experience not to be missed.. The Haymarket, aquarium and Govenment Center T stops are all within a short 5-10 minute walk as is the waterfront and Faneuil Hall market place.
Steps from Boston Common and the State House in historic Beacon Hill. Beacon Hill is know for its Federal rowhouses, narrow streets, gaslit street lamps and brick sidewalks. The top of the hill is crowned by the gold-domed State house and the base of the hill is devoted to the leafy Boston Common and Public Gardens. Excellent restaurants, elegant bars and walking distance to the waterfront, downtown, and the T.
The Custom House was Boston's first skyscraper. It is located in an area rich in Boston History; Its location is now even more enhanced by urban revitalization that removed the elevated highway separating the Boston Harborside area from Quincy Market. This was replaced with The Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway, 15 acres of gardens, parks, promenades and fountains.
The Theater District is where you'll find Boston's Opera House and many of it's theaters and concert halls. Located right on beautiful Boston Common and just steps from Tufts Medical Center, Newbury Street, Chinatown, the waterfront and all of central Boston.
The apartment is in the best location in town. Within a 20 minute walk you can see the Atlantic ocean, Faneuil Hall market/restaurants , golden dome State house, Italian town North End, Beacon Hill, Mass General Hospital, Chinatown, Downtown shopping, Science museum, Charles river walk/bike, Cambridge, Newbury street
The apartment is located in Downtown Crossing, the epicenter of Boston.  This historically has been the shopping center of the city.  Just around the corner from the apartment is the beautiful Beaux Arts Filene’s building which was designed by Daniel Burnham, the most prominent American architect of the early 20th Century.  This building housed Filene’s department store and the world famous Filene’s basement.  For generations of Bostonians this is where people came to buy everything from their first suit to bridal gowns. There is still an array of shopping options in the area.  H&M is just two blocks away.  DSW shoe warehouse has an outstanding selection of discounted shoes.  Macy’s has a large store just across Summer Street.  Additional stores include The Gap, Bath & Body Works, an array of athletic apparel and shoe stores, and other specialty retailers.  The Jeweler’s Building is only a few blocks away, just past TJ Maxx.  It is the center of the New England diamond trade.  There ar
The building is located at the intersection of Boylston & Tremont Street just across the street from Boylston Station - Super convenient and walkable - there’s a CVS across the street (for small items such as snacks, drinks, and medicine), a Starbucks on the ground level to the left of the exit - The Subway runs until midnight (earlier closures for some of the stops far from the city) A taxi or Uber is easy to catch - there are even bike share stations around (1 Boylston St, Boston, MA 02111) that’s the closest one - The TD Garden, Fenway Park, Museums, Granary burial ground, the old State House, The current Mass. State House, and so many other Historical landmarks are close by.
The leather district is a small neighborhood consisting mostly of mixed use lofts that is very close to south station, as well as both route 93 and the mass pike.   We are located walking distance to most of Boston's main atractions such as the North End, Quincy Market, the Seaport district and Boston Common (all a mile or less away).  
The only drama you'll have to deal with during your stay will be the dramatic arts at one of many nearby theaters! There's also plenty of great dining options within walking distance. Try out Q for some of the best that Boston's food vibrant Chinatown has to offer! Or, grab a bite and a drink before a show at Abby Lane. The Theater District is where you'll find Boston's Opera House and many of it's theaters and concert halls. Located right on beautiful Boston Common and just steps from Tufts Medical Center, Newbury Street, Chinatown, the waterfront and all of central Boston.
The perfect location in the heart of downtown Boston, walking distance to to Mass General Hospital, the Financial District, The North End and Waterfront Quincy market place is steps away. two -three blocks from three Train stops including Government Center and Haymarket Square.
The property is located in the Theater District just blocks from  Boston Common, Tufts Medical/Dental Center The Opera House and Newbury Street.
The property is located in the Theater District just blocks from Boston Common, Tufts Medical/Dental Center The Opera House and Newbury Street.
The smallest neighborhood in the City of Boston, Bay Village more than makes up for its lack of size with its inviting and friendly atmosphere. Created by a landfill in the 1820's by developer Ephraim Marsh, many of the homes look like smaller versions of Beacon Hill townhouses because the craftspeople who built the Beacon Hill residences settled in this area and built local residences for their own use. The neighborhood is centrally located nestled between the Back Bay, South End, and Theater District.
There are literally restaurants everywhere within walking distance, but some of the best are right next to me.
There's a cvs directly across the street and a grocery store at the end of Winter St. You are a minute walk to the Boston Common. There are stores everywhere around you.
There's a cvs directly across the street and a grocery store at the end of Winter st. You are a minute walk to the Boston common. There are stores everywhere around you.
This apartment is in the North End neighborhood in Boston. Nearby parks include Boston Garden, Haymarket Square and Lowell Square.  It is less than a 10-minute walk to Whole Foods Market and less than 5 minutes to at least 20 restaurants.
This apartment is located right on the Heritage Trail, steps from the Boston Common, and just a short walk away from Fanueil Hall, City Hall Plaza, Haymarket, Newbury Street shops and restaurants and the Theater District. It truly is central to everything in the city. Please check the Guidebook I've provided for more details. You couldn't pick a better location!
This apartment is right downtown in a central location. You're moments away from many of Boston's attractions including Boston Common and the Opera House, as well as shopping at department stores like Macy's and Primark. This apartment is also right next to Boston's historic Chinatown neighborhood and a few blocks away from the distinctive Paifang Gate. Try some of the local grub like Gourmet Dumpling House (3 minutes by foot) or French-style cuisine at Troquet (4 minutes by foot). Then check out Sip Wine Bar (2 minutes by foot) for a cocktail or a glass of wine.  Downtown Crossing is a shopping district that is a small part of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, located due east of Boston Common and west of the Financial District. It features large department stores as well as restaurants, souvenir sellers, general retail establishments, and street vendors
This apartment is steps from just about everything in the city. Subway lines, the Greenway, the North End, the Financial District, South Station, North Station, Faneuil Hall, the Waterfront, and the Aquarium are all just a few minutes away on foot.
This condo is literally steps from everything! Be ready to walk to the Boston Common, the Public Garden, Chinatown, Beacon Hill, Financial District, Downtown Crossing, Back Bay, Newbury St, and the South End! Just feet away from the Green line Arlington MBTA "T" stop or an uber or taxi can bring you to the North End, the Waterfront/Seaport area, South Boston, Cambridge and beyond.
This condo is located in the historic Bellevue Hotel located in the charming neighborhood known as Beacon Hill.  It is packed with history and is home to our State House.  It has all of today's modern conveniences including transportation, great restaurants, shopping, coffee, banking and services.  It is across the street from the beautiful Boston Common park.
This elegant building is perfectly situated in the heart of Boston, right in Chinatown, between the Theater District and the Financial District with several attractions nearby including Boston Faneuil Hall, Freedom Trail, Downtown Crossing and New England Aquarium. 
This is a fantastic neighborhood.  There is currently construction going on right next door at One Canal Street which will eventually block most of the view from this fantastic apartment, so everything from the Custom House to the left.  Only the downtown view to the right will remain.
This is downtown at the heart of Boston. Whether you are here for a conference, interview, touring or layover from the airport this is definitely about as convenient as it gets.
This is one of the most centrally located apartments in the city. With just a short walk to all the subway lines, the North End, Faneuil Hall, the Greenway, the Waterfront, the Aquarium, the Freedom Trail and innumerable other attractions, you will have an array of options for entertainment and adventure.
Very exciting neighborhood in the middle of the theatre district and night life
We have the best location of any marina in Boston. We are located steps away from the everything. There are too many attractions nearby to list but you can get to them all very easily and mostly by walking.
We live directly across from TD Garden and steps away from Boston's North End. You can walk to Boston Commons, Newbury Street, Faneuil Hall and Downtown Boston. North Station T stop is right next door, accessible on the Green Line and Orange Line. You can walk right over the  Charlestown Bridge to the Boston Navy Yard.
West End - directly next to TD Garden, walkable areas are Beacon Hill, North End, Downtown, Quincy Market/Financial, Long Wharf, Boston Commons/Back Bay & Theatre District/Chinatown.
Within a one block radius are three subway lines, a new supermarket, an array of restaurants and shops as well as several nationally significant historic landmarks. Among the nearby attractions are: Old South Meetinghouse (from where the Boston Tea Party started), The Corner Bookstore (which once housed the publishing house of Ralph Waldo Emerson and Louisa May Alcott), the Boston Common (America’s oldest public park), the Massachusetts Statehouse (designed by Boston’s Charles Bulfinch who also designed the Capitol Building in Washington DC), The Old Statehouse (the seat of power for the colonial British government), the towers of Boston’s financial district, the shops of Downtown Crossing (including H&M, Macy’s, Penmark, Marshall’s, TJ Maxx, Eddie Bauer), the Opera House, the Modern Theater, and the Paramount Theater, as well as Loew’s Boston Common cinemas, and Chinatown.
Wonderful parks, restaurants, and museums are close by. The TD Garden is a very short walk, along with Massachusetts General Hospital, the number 1 hospital in the country!
You are located in the heart of downtown Boston, just across the street from Park Street T station, on the Freedom Trails. There are numerous restaurants coffee shops and bars steps from your door.
楼下生活便利店,地铁唐人街餐厅多多,波士顿公园,电影院近在眼前,繁华大道上各种色的族人,穿流不息。
游客区环境优美,风景宜人