-Great Dining (Island Creek Oyster Bar and Citizens public house) mins away -100 yards from 5 bars -24 Hour Grocery Store 5 minutes away -100 yards from house of blues.  -2 min walk to Boston University - 15 min walk to the Prudential center -Amazing home base for exploring boston. 
10 minute walk to Fenway Park, nightlife, and Copley Square. 8 Minute walk to Hynes Convention Center. Steps to a massive city park with lots of unique things - basketball courts, victory gardens, soccer field, war memorial
AMAZING!! Fenway Park, Yawkee Way, The Yard House. Landsdowne St.  Newbury st. The Fens. The museum of fine Arts is steps away.  Brigham & Womens. Longwood easy to get to. Kenmore T station is a 10 min walk.
Boston's Back Bay is an upscale residential, commercial and retail district featuring some of the most popular living and dining selections in the city. Shop at Boylston and Newbury Streets or spend time at Prudential Center or Copley Place malls. Architecturally the neighborhood is taken over by Victorian brownstone buildings in its northern residential area; the southern part of the neighborhood is home to some of Boston's tallest skyscraper being far more commercial. Go on a Boston Duck Tour or to a museum of your choice. Back Bay is located near tons of shops and restaurants with plenty to do!
Central Location - near Harvard Medical School and Longwood Medical Area, parks, restaurants, and theaters
Central Location - near Harvard Medical School and Longwood Medical Area, parks, restaurants, and theaters.
Centrally located in Boston's historic Back Bay on Marlborough Street between Charlesgate East and Massachusetts Avenue (Mass Ave), our condo sits within a short five minute walk from the Hynes Convention Center, the Shops at the Prudential Center and Copley Place Mall, and the boutiques of Newbury and Boylston Street.  Our historic Back Bay brownstone is located only one and half blocks from the Charles River Esplanade, and several blocks to the serene Boston Commons and Public Gardens, Fenway Park, the Boston Public Library, historic Beacon Hill, and the Freedom Trail.  A corner grocery store is steps away from the building and ample amounts of restaurants and shopping are located around the corner. The Back Bay neighborhood sits on land reclaimed from water in the mid-nineteenth century.  Unlike many other Boston neighborhoods, the Back Bay was laid out in a grid pattern and was based on French urban planning with parks and wide boulevards. The major shopping streets are Newbury and
Centrally located so you can walk to: Beautiful Newbury Street (6 mins / 0.3 miles) Symphony Hall (7 mins / 0.3 miles) the Prudential Center (10 mins / 0.5 miles) Hynes Convention Center (10 mins / 0.5 miles) South End restaurants (15 mins / 0.7 miles)  Fenway Park (9 mins / 0.4 miles)  Museum of Fine Art (9 mins / 0.5 miles)  Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum (14 mins / 0.7 miles)  Boston Common - walking 30 mins / 1.5 miles; 4 stops on T/subway (15 mins) MIT - walking 20 mins / 1 mile; 4 stops on #1 bus (10-15 mins) Harvard - 12 stops on #1 bus (20 mins) Bus stop is just right at the corner of Mass Ave. & Newbury St, and it runs every 5-10 mins between Cambridge and Boston daily.
Characterized by cobblestone streets, clam chowder, fishing harbors, and crisp fall afternoons, Boston is the quintessential New England city. As one of the oldest cities in the nation, Boston lives up to its title of the "Cradle of Modern America," with endless traces of historical Colonial and Revolutionary America permeating its streets. At Fenway Triangle Trilogy you’ll be in the heart of one of Boston’s most dynamic and exciting neighborhoods. Step out your front door and you will be steps from some of the city’s most renowned restaurants, shops, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and sporting events. The Longwood Medical Area and Harvard Medical School are practically in your backyard and with the proximity to area Universities you can be assured that something exciting will always be happening in your neighborhood.
Characterized by cobblestone streets, clam chowder, fishing harbors, and crisp fall afternoons, Boston is the quintessential New England city. As one of the oldest cities in the nation, Boston lives up to its title of the "Cradle of Modern America," with endless traces of historical Colonial and Revolutionary America permeating its streets. At Fenway Triangle Trilogy you’ll be in the heart of one of Boston’s most dynamic and exciting neighborhoods. Step out your front door and you will be steps from some of the city’s most renowned restaurants, shops, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and sporting events. The Longwood Medical Area and Harvard Medical School are practically in your backyard and with the proximity to area Universities you can be assured that something exciting will always be happening in your neighborhood. 
Enjoy Bean town in this commuter friendly, private, affordable, cozy one bedroom apartment with private patio and parking, located in the heart of the city right next to the Fenway T station. Two minute walk to Fenway T station, Liberty center and Kenmore SQ.  Five-minute walk to Whole Foods, coffee shops, restaurants, emerald necklace, Monmouth street park, Fenway Stadium, Longwood and Harvard Medical, Longwood historic district and Boston University. Short walk to Emmanuel College, Brigham and women’s northeastern and Coolidge corner.
Enjoy Bean town in this commuter friendly, private, affordable, cozy one bedroom apartment, located in the heart of the city right next to the Symphony station. In the heart of Boston's Fine Arts and Cultural District. Right next to Symphony hall and Symphony T station. Walking distance to prudential center, Newbury Street, Haynes Convention center, North Eastern University, whole foods, coffee shops, tons of restaurants, museum of fine arts and Berkley college of Music. Short walk to Fenway Stadium. The location is perfect to walk anywhere downtown. The place is close to restaurants and dining, nightlife, public transport, and family-friendly activities.
Fenway - Fenway Park, Famous sports bars, The Fens park, Museum of Fine Arts, Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum Kenmore Square - Multi-ethnic restaurants and bars, easy access to Boston University Longwood Medical Area - Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston Children's Hospital, Harvard Medical School Brookline - Coolidge Corner (restaurants and boutiques), Audubon Circle (restaurants, cafes)
Fenway Park (Red Sox official baseball stadium) Landsdown street (street of pubs and night clubs) Star Market and Target (grocery stores) Premium and mid sized restaurants
Fenway Park, Fenway the Park (the "Back Bay Fens"/muddy river, rose garden, are all within a 'block'.  Just beyond the MFA, esplanade and numerous colleges.  What's not to love?
Fenway Park, The Back bay Fens (the Park, if you will), the Rose Garden, Museum of Fine Arts, Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, MassArt and the rest of the Fenway Colleges, Warren Anatomical Museum (and the rest of the Medical Area), even Newbury street are a short walk away.
Fenway area, super location
Fenway is a great location - at major crossroads of Boston. The apartment is a few minutes walk from many restaurants and bars, but nestled in a quiet part nearby. It is home to Fenway Stadium and is between downtown and just south of the river below Cambridge where Harvard and MIT are. It is also nestled in between Boston University and Northeastern and just north of Longwood medical area. The apartment itself is just on a recreational portion of the Fens park - you can step right out the door to the park where many people run, and play sports.
Fenway is an iconic area of Boston, and this studio looks out onto Fenway Stadium. The apartment is a few blocks from Kenmore Square, Back Bay, and even closer to Fenway - right out your back door.
Fenway is both historic and lively. Lots of Red Sox spirit, area stores, Harvard Medical School and Museum of Fine Arts nearby.
Fenway offers the best of everything. There's green space right across the street with a great view of Boston as its backdrop. You'll be a five minute walk from a bunch of fantastic restaurants, bars, grocery stores, a Target, and Fenway Park itself. Kenmore square, BU, Northeastern, the Museum of Fine Arts (MFA), Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Longwood Medical Center, Simmons, Emmanuel, Wheelock, Wentworth, Berklee, Symphony Hall (Boston Symphony Orchestra), New England Conservatory, Hynes Convention Center, Back Bay, and the South End are all within walking distance.
Fenway park, Marshalls, Regal Cinemas, House of Blues Boston.
Fun and safe neighborhood in the Fenway area. Close to many restaurants, parks, and museums.
Great Room, Walking distance from major, Museums, universities, Medical Centers, Sports Park, Public Garden and Shopping Mall
Great accessibility to subway system and very near to Boston University. Walking distance to supermarkets (Star, Target, Wholefoods) and restaurants.
Great neighborhood, very safe.  You are 5 minutes walk to Fenway metro station, buses are even closer, 5 minutes walk to Fenway Park (home of the Redsox), cut through the main park and be at the Boston Museum of Fine Arts in 5 minutes.  There are lots of great restaurants, bars, and nightlife all within 5 minutes walk!  The 24 hour grocery store is only one block away and has just about anything you would need.
Guests will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. Longwood Medical/Boston Children’s Hospital is nearby as well.
Historic Back Bay/Kenmore/Charlesgate area. All buildings built circa 1900, Victorian, as single family homes, now converted to condos. Close to river (jogging, concerts, biking, sailing, picnics, 4th fireworks)Walk to food markets (Whole Foods, Star Mkt, Trader Joe's), beautiful Public Library, Symphony, music schools, museums, universities, theatres, Harvard hospitals and HMS, restaurants(Indian, Thai, Japanese, burgers, seafood, French, Mid-East, fresh fish bistro & bar, bagels, soup), shops, health clubs/yoga, bookshops, Starbucks, and cinema. BEST OF BOSTON/TOP RATED 'ISLAND OYSTER' RESTAURANT  IS 1/2 BLOCK AWAY! Not a hotel, a home with  quirks and charm, 3rd floor walkup.
I absolutely love my neighborhood.   Aside from being a great spot to cheer on the Marathon runners, this apartment is in Fenway's Audubon Circle neighborhood, a few blocks from Kenmore Square.  Even better, it's only a short stroll (10-15 min.) or ride on the T (2-3 stops) to Back Bay, the Charles River Esplanade, Copley Square, the Boston Public Library, Trinity Church, the Marathon finish line, Boston University, Northeastern University, the Museum of Fine Arts, the Isabella Stuart Gardner Museum and more. If you like sports, visit historic Fenway Park for a Red Sox game or just stop at one of the neighborhood's great sports bars - including Yardhouse, Cask & Flagon or Game On - for a beer and a snack.   In the mood for a great meal?  This neighborhood has some of the best eats in town, including Sweet Cheeks (BBQ), Mei Mei (Asian), El Pelon (Mexican) and Taberna de Haro (Spanish tapas).
I love having everything I need at my fingertips! Whole foods market is great! Lots of gyms nearby too.
I moved here from SF a little over 6months ago so to be honest- I'm not entirely familiar with Boston but Fenway is a beautiful neighborhood. Also close to the museum of fine arts, elizabeth gardner museum, the stadium obviously (which is practically my backyard), and there are also T stations within walking distance if you wanna go to Cambridge/North End/etc. (5-10min walk)
I've lived in the neighborhood for 5 years. My favorite restaurants, coffee shops, sport teams all at arms reach! This apartment is a couple blocks from the Charles river, bike trails, running paths, water sport as well as dinning and entertainment.  Head on up to Newbury St!
If you have never been to the Fenway neighborhood, you are in for a treat! Our listing is in the Audubon Circle area, which ranges from a calm, quiet neighborhood with family-owned restaurants on non-game nights) to a fun-filled atmosphere on home game nights. It is also centrally located so you may choose to walk to Brookline/Coolidge Corner, Back Bay, the South End, and pretty much any other part of Boston. Faneuil Hall and the North End are slightly further to walk to, but you should do it! It is a gorgeous walk through the Boston Public Garden, Boston Common and Beacon Hill to get to these two popular tourist areas.
If you were worried about driving on Boston's notoriously crazy roads, worry no more! You can leave your car at home and still get everywhere you need to go. The apartment borders Fenway and the Back Bay and is situated directly across from the Keliher Rose Garden within the Fens Park. The building is walking distance to Longwood Medical Area, including Children's Hospital, Beth Israel & more, the Museum of Fine Arts (MFA), Northeastern University, Wentworth Institute of Technology, Berklee College of Music, MCPHS, Wheelock, Simmons, Emmanuel, Fenway Park, the Prudential Center, Symphony Hall, and so much more. Both the green and orange lines of the train are within walking distance. Big name shops within a 10 minute walk include City Target, Shaws Supermarket, 7-11 and CVS/pharmacy. Restaurants nearby include, but are not limited to: Pavement Coffee House, Tasty Burger, Citizen Public House & Oyster Bar, Basho Japanese, Shabu Shabu, Thaitation & so much more! Bars nearby: Cask N' Flag
In the heart of Kenmore Square, the location is steps away from endless things to do including bars, cafes, restaurants, and of course, Fenway Park! Spend the day shopping on Newbury St or the Prudential Center, watch a movie, head to the Museum of Fine Arts, BU, or MIT - all within a 10 to 15 minute walking distance!
Incredibly safe area walking distance to cafés, restaurants, whole foods,  and much more!   Right next to the T, surrounded by hospitals and right near fenway park.    Real close to the backbay and Newbury Street!
It is located in an ideal location: grocery store, cvs, green and orange T lines, Newbury, Boylston, Fenway Park and the Prudential Center are all within a 1-5 minute walk 
Kenmore Square / Fenway Park is the home of BU and The Boston Red Sox. It offers lots or restaurants and shops and easy access to other areas in Metro Boston
Kenmore Square experienced a revitalization over the last 15 years!  Hotel Commonwealth, universally ranked 4-4.5/5 stars with most major travel sites, boasts 2 fantastic restaurants (Island Creek Oyster Bar and Eastern Standard Kitchen and Drink) as well as The Hawthorne which serves unique craft cocktails in a chic living room style space. If you're looking to keep things more casual or perhaps join in the Fenway fun, Cornwalls, a local English Pub is a great spot to meet friends, have a beer/free popcorn and just relax (the foods good too!) Wander a few blocks south to Fenway Park where you can experience a Red Sox game from inside the park or at one of the great bars on Landsdown Street. If you'd like to avoid the Red Sox faithful, walk about 8 minutes east and you'll find yourself at the top of Newbury Street, Boston's premier shopping street. Not to be missed is a walk around the esplanade.  We're right in between the Mass Ave Bridge and the BU Bridge, both great places to watch 
Kenmore Square/Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts
Kenmore sq is an awesome location, near Fenway Park. You'll be 5 minutes away from the Esplanade, the great park by the Charles River.  The neighborhood is quiet during the summer, and then packed with Boston University students
Living here, residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues.
Lovely Kenmore Square has many shops and restaraunts. It is near the Longwood Medical area and Fenway Park and in the BU area. The green line subway is just steps from the house. Quick walk to Fenway Park or Boston University (BU). 20 minutes or 1 subway stop to Berklee College of Music or Hynes Convention center at Back Bay. The subway goes to all the Boston attractions, Harvard, MIT and other colleges
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - High-end American sports bar Yard House, Sweet Cheeks BBQ, Symphony Sushi, Thorton's Fenway Grill, Regina Pizzeria – within .2 mi •House of Blues - .4 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .5 mi •Harvard Art Museum – 2.7 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England- 1.5 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 3.4 mi •Faneuil Hall – 3.4 mi •Fenway Park - .3 mi •Boston University (.5 mi),  Northeastern University (.5 mi), and Harvard (2 mi)- •Boston Children's Hospital - .7 mi
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - High-end American sports bar Yard House, Sweet Cheeks BBQ, Symphony Sushi, Thorton’s Fenway Grill, Regina Pizzeria – within .2 mi •House of Blues - .4 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .5 mi •Harvard Art Museum – 2.7 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England- 1.5 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 3.4 mi •Faneuil Hall – 3.4 mi •Fenway Park - .3 mi •Boston University (.5 mi),  Northeastern University (.5 mi), and Harvard (2 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital - .7 mi
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - High-end American sports bar Yard House, Sweet Cheeks Q family style BBQ, and Citizen Public whiskey and raw bar – within .4 mi  •House of Blues - .4 mi •Boston Conservatory - .5 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .5 mi •Copely Square – 1.5 mi •Faneuil Hall – 3.2 mi •Fenway Park – .2 mi •Landmark Center – Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Staples -  .3 mi •Centered between Boston University & Northeastern University – .5 mi to both •Harvard Medical School – within 1 mi
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - High-end American sports bar Yard House, Sweet Cheeks Q family style BBQ, and Citizen Public whiskey and raw bar – within .4 mi  •House of Blues - .4 mi •Boston Conservatory - .5 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .5 mi •Copely Square – 1.5 mi •Faneuil Hall – 3.2 mi •Fenway Park – .2 mi •Landmark Center – Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Staples - .3 mi •Centered between Boston University & Northeastern University – .5 mi to both •Harvard Medical School – within 1 mi
Movie theaters, retail stores, excellent cuisine, bars, public transportation, Fenway Park, grocery and liquor stores are all only 5 minutes or less away.
One of the greatest things about the apartment is that its location. Its only 5 minute walk from Fenway Park, Newbury and Boylston, 15 min from Cambridge, Harvard.
Our 200-year-old neighborhood of brick townhouses is nestled between Northeastern University and Berklee College of Music. Filled with college students and young families, this area has a lively, vibrant feel.  The upscale Prudential Center mall and Museum of Fine Arts are within a 5 minute walk. Fashionable shopping on Newbury Street and Boylston Street night life are a 10 minute walk. Fenway Park, Boston Common, the Freedom Trail, and Faneuil Hall are a 15-20 minute walk, or 5 minute T-ride away. 
Our apartment is located in an elegant new luxury apartment community in Boston’s Fenway Cultural district, two blocks from Fenway Park. We are located one block off of Boylston Street, at the intersection of Jersey and Peterborough Streets and just minutes from Longwood Hospital. This location offers dozens of lovely restaurants and retail shops.
Our neighborhood touches both Fenway and Brookline. Walking in the direction of Fenway, you have easy access to Fenway Park for baseball games and concerts, a City Target, a movie theater, pubs, fast-casual restaurants (Sweetgreen, Soloniki, and Chipotle to name a few), and a Star Market grocery store.  Walking in the other direction, you will enter Brookline where you will encounter a Whole Foods market, coffee shops, Tate cafe, and sit down restaurants (Chinese, Tapas, Korean BBQ, Thai, American). Many options, all within a 5-min walk!   We also have a walking trail behind our home (the Emerald Necklace) that stretches all the way to the Jamaica Plain pond.  Best of all, just a few stops on the T (train) and you can access all the tourist hot spots in Boston.
Ours is a historic neighborhood, all of Back Bay is built upon moist wooden pilings, circa 1890. Buildings are brick, several stories, built as single family homes at the turn of the century, nowadays are converted to condos. Non-concierge type buildings, usually owner occupied. Winding staircases, architectural details in woodwork,windows, small gardens, iron gates, and entrances. Close to several UNIVERSITIES, (BU, Northeastern, Emmanuel, MIT for college visits, MIT, Harvard Medical School, and Harvard main campus just across the River), and several HOSPITALS (Dana Farber, Childrens, Longwood, Beth Israel Deaconess).
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other (URL HIDDEN) well is nearby the Longwood Medical/Boston Children’s Hospital.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. As well is close to the Fenway T stop and Longwood Medical/Boston children's hospital.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. As well is nearby the Longwood Medical/Boston Children’s Hospital.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. Located nearby is the Longwood Medical/Boston Children’s Hospital.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. Located nearby, is the Fenway T stop and the Longwood Medical/Boston children's hospital.
Residents will find themselves right in the heart of Boston's most dynamic attractions, and just a short walk from some of Boston's best-known restaurants, museums, parks, theaters, nightlife and other venues. Located nearby, is the Longwood Medical/Boston Children’s Hospital.
Right in the heart of Back Bay! Steps from Berklee College of Music, Across the street from Subway, Boloco, Teriyaki House, and a 7-11 convenience store. Walgreens and CVS is a 2 minute walk away! One minute walk to public transportation!
Set in a dynamic neighborhood, this property is surrounded by beauty, art and excitement and located right in the heart of Fenway with endless entertainment in the area including the House of Blues on Lansdowne Street, the Museum of Fine Arts and the Tony Award winning Huntington Theater Company.
Shop at Whole Foods or CVS for any of your daily needs. Have an award-winning cupcake or espresso at The Oakleaf Bakery. Slurp up a delicious bowl of ramen at Ichiban. Savor a late-night slice of pizza across the street at Cappy's. Get some shopping done at the Prudential Center or Newbury Street. Go bar-hopping with the locals down Boylston Street. Catch a concert at Symphony Hall or discover student talent at Berklee. 
So much to do! Great restaraunts, shops, walking, biking, and Red Sox games!
Super close to everything! Fenway is an awesome neighborhood. Also there is a Target and a Star Market (grocery store) just 2 blocks away should you need to buy any food or amenities.
Symphony Hall, Newbury Street, the Scientology Museum,  Whole Foods, CVS, Parking, Berklee, Northeastern University, The YMCA, The MFA (Museum of Fine Arts), Fenway Ball Park, Charles River, Cambridge.
The Neighborhood is in the best location of Boston. Close to Boston Symphony, Prudential mall, Newbury Street, Boylston Street, hotels, Fenway, fine dining, gyms, Schools, Whole Foods Market, CVS, GNC, post office, dry cleaning, a running track outside, etc..
The apartment is in close proximity to the subway system, grocery store, coffee shops, bars, restaurants, banking and more. On the website, walkscore/./co m, this place gets a 98 out of 100.   Really, you can walk to almost anything!
The apartment is situated in the heart of Fenway. The neighborhood is beautiful and only a 15 minute walk from the Back Bay area. Across the street you'll find the Emerald Necklace, a park that stretches from Jamaica Plain to Fenway. Down the street is Clemente Field where you can take a run around the track or shoot some hoops. Only steps away from Fenway Park, at night you can hear cheers for the Red Sox. Other fun activities nearby include Regal Movie Theater and Jillian's Bowling Alley.
The apartment located in the 1126 Boylston Street! There are T-mobile, bank of American, grocer and nice restaurant downstairs. 3 mins walk to berkelee! 3 mins walk to Whole Foods Market! 4 mins walk to subway station! 5 mins walk to Newbury Street! 5mins walk to Hynes Convention Center! 10 mins walk to Northeastern University! 
The area is beautiful. Very close to the Back Bay Fens, a beautiful park with a river and lots of nature. It is also very close to the Museum of Fine Arts which is definitely worth at least one visit (It's huge). Also, there is a whole-foods supermarket and CVS 1 minute walking from the apartment. There are many clubs, restaurants and shopping opportunities in this neighborhood.
The location is the key for our place where you can go everywhere within walking distance. The neighborhood is one of the most safety area in the city. Symphony Hall is right at the corner. Hynes Convention Center, Museum of Fine Art, NEU, Berklee College of Music, NEC, BU, Longwood Medical Area, Prudential Shopping Center, Copley Shopping Mall, Newbury Street, Christian Science Church and FENWAY PARK.....all in walking distance.
The location of the apartment is its best feature!!! Walking distance to everything Boston has to offer.  Back Bay Fens (gorgeous park that's part of the Boston Emerald Necklace) - 0 minute walk! The apartment looks out over the park Fenway Park - 2 min walk Hynes & Newbury Street Shopping - 7 min walk  Copley Square - 15 min walk  Boston Commons & Public Garden - 25 min walk  Chinatown - 25 min walk  North End - 40 min walk or 10 min T ride  Central Square & MIT - 25 min walk or 10 min bus ride  Museum of Fine Arts (MFA) - 10 min walk through the Fens
The place is in a great location with Kenmore Square, Fenway Park, and Coolidge Corner all within walking distance. Across the street from us there is an Irish Pub, Chinese Restaurant, Japanese BBQ, Sushi place, liquor store, hardware store, dunkin donuts, laundromat, and more. Next to us is a Thai place, dry cleaners, and a fantastic Tapas restaurant we highly recommend. You could literally have all your whims catered to without leaving the block. We are right on the cusp of the Fenway area which is quite vibrant even on the off-season. There are many cool bars and restaurants. There is a new City Target right around the corner on Boylston Street. There is a mall with a movie theatre, REI, Bed Bath and Beyond, and more.
The tree-lined street and close proximity to parks give this apartment a natural, homey feel you'll love.
The unit is located in the heart of Boston´s art and cultural district right at the border of Back Bay/South End/Fenway neighbohoods.  You will be at walking distances from: Symphony Hall, Christian Science Plaza, Museum of Fine Arts, Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Kelleher Rose Garden, The Emerald Necklace Conservancy, Berklee College of Music, Theaters, New England Conservatory´s Jordan Hall, Boston Conservatory, and, of course, the famous Fenway Park.  The Cultural District taps in to the creativity and high energy of a neighborhood that is home to universities, colleges, and some of Boston’s most exciting performing and visual arts institutions.
The whole building is filled with students, but it's still relatively quiet. We've not had any troubles with noisy neighbours so far.
There's a park and a huge grass field in front of the apartment.
There's plenty to see in the Back Bay including shopping, dining, and sightseeing. Don't miss out on New England's legendary seafood and make sure to try out the Atlantic Fish Company. For decadent new American fare try out The Salty Pig. After a long day of exploring your trendy locale grab a cocktail at Eastern Standard.  Boston’s Back Bay is known for its lovely rows of Victorian houses, river-side walkways, fashionable shops and excellent restaurants. Originally a marsh on the edge of the Charles River, this area was filled in the 19th Century to become what it is today.
This Fenway apartment is centrally located, close to Harvard Medical School, Longwood Medical as well as Boston's neighborhood with its' plentiful shops, restaurants and entertainment venues.
This apartment is centrally located in Fenway close to Harvard Medical School, Longwood Medical as well as Boston's neighborhood with its' plentiful shops, restaurants and entertainment venues.
This apartment is located between the lively Back Bay and Fenway area, with more than two dozens of restaurants and bars around. You will easily find more than a handful of things to do in the neighborhood day and night, the long list includes: Museum of Fine Arts, Symphony Hall, Jordan Hall, Isabelle Gardner Museum, The Esplanade... For groceries, Whole Foods is a mere 5-minute walk from the apartment. Other chain supermarkets are also within a 10-20 minute walking distance. There also hardware stores and 24-hr convenient stores within short walking distance.
This is one of Boston's most sought after neighborhoods. So vibrant, and so multicultural, with many area attractions within walking distance The parks, the ducks (yes they roam freely and often stop traffic walking across the street, very interesting to watch)
This is one of Boston's significant historic neighborhoods close to almost everything.
This is one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Boston, with public transportation or walking access to everything.  I will have a guidebook available for you to use.
This neighborhood is perfect for suiting those with varied interests. It's very close to the metro and bus stops, as well as attractions such as the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Fenway Park, House of Blues, Newbury Street, the Prudential, and the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. Furthermore, there are several colleges within walking distance.
This wonderful 13 floor luxury building is located in the heart of the city and blends the charm of an old Boston neighborhood with all the modern conveniences. Located in Boston's Fenway cultural district, this property is opposite Landmark Center and Fenway Park is two blocks away, as well as dozens of great restaurants and retail shops.
This wonderful 7 floor mid-rise building is located in the heart of the city and blends the charm of an old Boston neighborhood with all the modern conveniences. Located in Boston's Fenway cultural district, this property is opposite Landmark Center and Fenway Park is two blocks away, as well as dozens of great restaurants and retail shops. 
This young and lively neighborhood is close to everything Boston has to offer.  You can hear the roar of a baseball game from Fenway Park, walk to Boston's best shopping on Newbury Street, Prudential Center and Copley Square or experience the culture of Symphony Hall and the Museum of Fine Arts.  Nearby colleges include Northeastern, Boston University and Berkley College of Music.
Tons of restaurants, Museum of Fine Arts is a short walk, access to the green line
Truly awesome location.  The immediate neighborhood - Audubon Circle boasts wonderful restaurants, cafes, a Whole Foods, a hardware store, beauty salons, etc.  Walk a few minutes out and you will find: North -- Boston University and the Charles River (and Cambridge).   West -- Brookline and Coolidge Corner area South -- Fenway Park area (movie theater, amazing restaurants, shops, Museum of Fine Arts, Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum) East - Kenmore Square and Back Bay (basically the heart of Boston)
Very attractive neighbourhood: Fenway Park, Bars, Restaurants, 
Very friendly neighborhood with easy access to both Boston's must visit places and shopping. Whole foods, Boston Symphony Hall, CVS, Restaurant Stretch, Multiple Subway (T) Stops within 5min of the Apt! Absolutely beautiful location and very conveniently located.   Prudential Mall, Reflecting Pool, Christian Science Center are 4 min away!
Very short walk to Fenway park, Kenmore Square and Back Bay... Unit offers access to great restaurants and bars.  Great for those catching a game or visiting for Boston school graduations all over the city! Tasty burger, sushi, local bars, anything you could possibly imagine to eat! Movies, Starbucks, bed bath and beyond and more around the corner, walking distance! FENWAY PARK!
Vibrant Fenway neighborhood! Has everything you need. Just steps to: Fenway Park Shopping (Target, Marshall's, West Elm, Bed Bath and Beyond, REI) Restaurants/Quick Bites (Wahlburgers, Sweetgreen, Tasty Burger, Tiger Mama, Panera Bread, Sweet Cheeks Q, El Pelon Taqueria, Gyro City...) Bars (Yard House, Bar Louie, House of Blues, Boston Beer Works, Lansdowne Pub...) Parks Grocery stores (Star Market, Target, corner stores) Boston's Museum of Fine Arts Several Universities Parking spaces/ parking garages
We are located in the most desirable neighborhood in the city... Walk to everything from this sleek, modern one bedroom in Boston's exclusive Back Bay / Fenway neighborhood, nearly across the street from the Prudential Center (the 'Pru') Boston's tallest skyrise! Blocks from the scenic Charles River Esplanade, Newbury Street shopping, and Copley Square. The 'Pru' is connected to the green line stations, only a few stops from downtown crossing where all lines connect for Boston, Cambridge, etc. Visit hundreds of shops and restaurants, proximity to Boston Commons and the Public Gardens, and scenic walking routes. Bordering the equally sought-after Beacon Hill neighborhood, it is one of Boston's most luxurious residential areas. Rub elbows with some new neighbors - including Boston pro athletes, politicians, CEOs, foreign dignitaries, young professionals and high-end vacationers.* Newbury Street, called the 'Rodeo Drive of the East,' is a shopper's paradise - and only minutes from your pr
We are located near subway lines, bus stop, Fenway Park, Museum of Fine Arts, Colleges/University, Hospitals, Restaurants/Bar, Newbury St., Prudential, Target, CVS, Marshalls, Star Market, etc.
We are right on the Fenway Park yet steps away from the best restaurants and shopping in Boston! Excellent views of the park throughout the day, including beautiful sunsets. We are also in the best location for Red Sox games (the stadium is in the Fenway Park).
We are right on the water yet steps away from the best restaurants and shopping in Boston!
What I love about my location that is very convenience to everything I need.  Everything is a walking distance:  Food, bars, dinning, coffee shops, bakery , movies, dancing, shopping, post office, bank, Train, Art, church , nature, River, bike path It is the center of all attraction and night clubs from Jillian's Bowling and night club to Beer breweries , to Fenway Park, House of the blues , Regal movie theater .. all withing 2 minutes walk
You are literally on the doorstep of the Berklee College of Music campus with musical events happening nightly.  The Boston Symphony Orchestra and Symphony Hall is at the end of the street,  5 minutes from our front door.  This is a music lovers paradise.  The gorgeous Christian Science Church is across the street.  We are a 5-10 minute walk to historic Fenway Park.  And the beat shopping and dining is within minutes to Newbury St.  The neighbor hood is safe and well lit at night.  We are in the most convenient location for exploring Boston's best.
You can feel the energy of a city while still having green space outside your window and enjoying peaceful evenings. The neighborhood is full of life with or without a home game and boasts several awesome local restaurants. You are walking distance to museums, major attractions and public transportation.
You mean you don't know? It's only the best street in the whole neighborhood.  My street runs almost directly through the campus of Northeastern, and is bordered by Berklee, Boston Conservatory, and MassArt and other Fenway colleges. Symphony Hall and the Museum of Fine Arts are both five minutes away on foot; Fenway Park is just down the street...... it's a lovely quiet street tucked away in the middle of virtually everything. Welcome to Boston!
conveniently located at the center of Boston with utmost access to the most happening places this city has to offer. Back bay neighborhood is lively, dynamic and hip. location is within walk able distance to Boston commons, Cambridge, Fenway, Longwood medical area, Boston university, North end, etc.
walking distance to Newbury St, Copley Square and Charles River, Prudential center and Fenway park