A quiet walkable and family friendly area. 5 min drive to super market, 4 + star restaurants and pizza shops , various denominational churches, bike and walking paths and gym (free passes at Crunch gym),
As Boston's southernmost neighborhood, Hyde Park offers the intangibles of city life as well as the open space more commonly associated with the suburbs. The historic Neponset River runs through this neighborhood that was annexed to the City of Boston in 1912. Hyde Park's unmatched community spirit is on display in the many small shops and restaurants along Hyde Park Avenue, River Street and Fairmount Avenue that make up the Cleary and Logan Square business districts. In the spring and summer, many city residents flock to Hyde Park to golf at the George Wright Golf Course, one of the city's two municipal golf courses. Hyde Park's charm has also captured the heart of former Mayor Thomas M. Menino, a lifelong resident.
Calm  Very safe  Lots of street parking.
Family friendly Neighborhood, Culturally diverse Boston, Easy to Get around,  MBTA access, walk to shops, Food, Banking, Laundry.  20 mins from downtown.
Great neighborhood. Quiet, peaceful, community baseball on the Ross Playfield next door, various ethnic restaurants and contemporary cuisines. We are just 10 minutes to Jamaica Plain, 20 minutes to Down town Boston, by public or car.
Hyde Park is a quiet residential neighborhood in the southwest part of the city of Boston.  Our street is friendly and quiet.
Hyde Park is southernmost part of Boston. Is a very desirable town for those who want to live I am urban area with suburban characteristics. The residents of Hyde Park are very culturally diverse and very friendly.
Hyde Park, a neighborhood within the city, is a liberal, ethnically diverse, family friendly neighborhood - quiet and pleasant. 3 minute walk to the train station for a twenty minute ride to Boston. 5 minute walk to main street with several restaurants, pubs, grocery store, Ron's Gourmet Ice Cream and Bowling (written up in National Geographic as the BEST chocolate ice cream around) to banking, and more. If you are driving you are 10 minutes from major highways to all New England sightseeing destinations from VT, NH, Cape Cod, Newport, RI, Maine, Golf Courses, and more.
Located down the street from a park, basketball courts, tennis courts, playground, Walgreens, grocery store, liquor store and , bank. VERY quiet neighborhood Sometimes a little too quiet At the end of a dead end street, so no cars passing by and being heard through your window Literally everything is within an uber ride, train, bus or walk away  Braintree mall 15 mins away Dedham malls (x2) 15 mins away Downtown Boston 20 minutes away  Faneuil hall 25 mins South Boston 30 minutes  I can tell you where the best places are to eat, catch a drink, party, play ultimate frisbee etc.. Born and raised in Boston all of my life
Located in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston, the home is located on a quiet residential area.
Supermarket, liquor store, pharmacy and bank are within walking distance.
The house in a quiet family neighborhood. Only cars that live by the neighborhood would pass.  One block away you have a community park, with basketball court, tennis court, baseball field and kids park. You will also be only minutes away from showcase Cinema movie theater and major shopping outlets.
The neighborhood is very quiet and relax. 
This location is amazing, which we came to learn only after moving here ourselves. There is a fun playground with water sprinklers, a baseball field, and tennis courts just down the hill (about 5 blocks away). There is also a Stop & Shop and Walgreens across the street from the park. Curry College is around the block from the space. Within about 2 miles are hundreds of hiking trails at the Blue Hills. There is even down hill skiing with some trails and many cross country trails that are free of charge. In the summer, we have Houghton's Pond which is about a 5 minute drive away and free of charge for swimming or walking along the trails. The commuter rail is down the hill from us, about an 8 minute walk and that brings you right into the heart of the city (South Station) within 25 minutes. South Station has connections to the Airport as well as to other train lines. Also within a 10 minute walk are restaurants, a coffee shop, the YMCA, the library, the post office, etc. A car can certai
Very quiet and safe neighborhood, public transportation ( MBTA ) street parking