Because Milton is a great town to raise kids, what brought us here originally, and because we live on a dead end street, there are many children in the neighborhood.  The trees are mature.  So are we. We prefer that you get home by 10 PM. 
Our home is located in a quiet residential neighborhood, where people of all races and nationalities have been living together for 20 years. There is a nice walking trail along the Neponset River and nearby parks and playgrounds. 
Our house is located near Milton Station or Central av station on Red line trolley. You can also take the bus from Ashmount station (only 4 stops) and it will drop you off 5 houses down from our place. There are supermarket, restaurants, ice cream shop, pizza shops, drug store and the library all in walking distance (all in 2 - 5 minutes). There's a beautiful trail that you can walk and get some exercise on.
Such a quiet and nice street, very close to bus stops, train stations and in the city
The Dorchester-Milton Lower Mills is an historic district on both sides of the Neponset River in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston and the town of Milton. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Restaurants, bars, grocery store just one block walking.
The neighborhood has a combination of great restaurants and several small shops, grocery store, including the Riverway Mall.  It is adjacent to Lower Mills and Milton which includes sitting ponds and a separate running trail.  The house is central to all points and gives a suburban feel though you drive out of the private way into city living. It is the norm to see an array of deers or beauitful turkey's walking along the branches. There are several (T) Stations in walking distance that offer guests easy transport to tourist attractions and other prime areas throughout the city of Boston.
The neighborhood has a combination of great restaurants and several small shops, pharmacy, ice cream and grocery stores and the Riverway Mall.  It is adjacent to Lower Mills and Milton which includes sitting ponds and a separate running trail.  The house is central to all points and gives a suburban feel though you drive out of the private way into city living.  It is the norm to see an array of deers or beautiful turkey's walking along the branches.  There are several (T) stations in walking distance, that offer guests easy transport to tourist attractions and other prime areas throughout the city of Boston.
The neighborhood is near parks, beaches and bike paths. Restaurants are also within walking distance such as Steel and Rye, Tavalos and Ashmont Grill.  Public transportation is within walking distance.
The neighborhood is primarily residential adjacent to Downtown Boston. There are a few shops near by and library. Mattapan Square is a short bus ride away or about a 15 minute walk. Radio Shack, CVS, McDonalds, Burger King, T-Mobile, Payless, among others stores and restaurants. Blue Hills Ski Area is only a short drive away.
The neighborhood is primarily residential adjacent to Downtown Boston. There few shops near by and library.  Blue Hills Ski Area is only a short drive away.
The neighborhood is primarily residential adjacent to Downtown Boston. There few shops near by and library. Blue Hills Ski Area is only a short drive away.
Very quiet and nice street right in the city, bus stops close by!
Very quiet area of Boston, with warm and welcoming neighbors.