Boston's "North End" aka “Little Italy" is a pocket-sized Italian neighborhood teaming with history and charm. Among the narrow streets, hidden alleyways and park benches you will find The Paul Revere House, Copp's Hill and The Old North Church.  Absorbing the history and folklore of the North End cannot be done properly without coupling it with the culinary lining of the neighborhood. As home to over eighty restaurants and countless wine shops, bakeries, and Italian salumerias (a.k.a Italian delis) it is safe to say you won't leave hungry!     As noted above there is plenty to do just in the North End but the beauty of the location you are minutes away to downtown Boston. Mostly all within walking distance and what isn't  is very easily accessible by public transportation which is just a minute walk from the apartment . You can shop for food and cook at the apartment or there is plenty to choose from if you don't want to cook. Also the neighborhood is the safest neighborhood in Boston
Boston's "North End" aka “Little Italy” is a pocket-sized Italian neighborhood teaming with history and charm. Among the narrow streets, hidden alleyways and park benches you will find The Paul Revere House, Copp’s Hill and The Old North Church.  Absorbing the history and folklore of the North End cannot be done properly without coupling it with the culinary lining of the neighborhood. As home to over eighty restaurants and countless wine shops, bakeries, and Italian salumerias (a.k.a Italian delis) it is safe to say you won’t leave hungry!     As noted above there is plenty to do just in the North End but the beauty of the location you are minutes away to downtown Boston. Mostly all within walking distance and what  Isn't is very easily accessible by public transportation which is just a minute walk from the apartment . You can shop for food and cook at the apartment or there is plenty to choose from if you don't want to cook. Also the neighborhood is the safest neighborhood in Boston
Boston's North End is a distinct community central to public transportation, fine dining and bakeries and tourist destinations. Enjoy a short walk to the Seaport, Faneuil Hall and the Financial District. The North End is central to Quincy Market and Faneuil Hall, the Financial District and the Boston Seaport.
Boston's historic North End - enjoy the best Italian food in the area, 24 h bakery, pizza, and much more!
Boston's historic North End neighborhood has some of the city's main historic sights - including the Paul Revere House and Old North Church - and has more restaurants per square foot than any other district. The flat is mere steps from Boston's most famous pizzeria, cannoli, oysters and pastas.
CULTURE FOR A NEW GENERATION Very,  very popular and extremely trendy with many boutiques, shops, cafes, bars and restaurants.  Start your day immersed in history, as you wake to the sound of the USS Constitution firing it’s cannon’s.  Follow in the footsteps of Paul Revere; the North End has a Walk score of 100.  MY NEIGHBORHOOD IS YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD You will be staying in the one of the most iconic and photographed neighborhoods in the world, you’ll see tourists are everywhere– but since you’re living like a local, suddenly you’ll feel how celebrities feel! If you are looking for a truly local experience, The Apartment is a great pick as the streets are chock full of friendly neighbors.  Locals consider the streets their backyard–participate in their boisterous conversations, attend a lawn chair concert with loud opera music, and or over warm Cappuccino’s, join in a lively discussion of the days’ events. The North End is like no other place in the world, when walking around here, you’
Cafe, 24 hour Bova's bakery, and convenience store on the same block as the apartment. There are also multiple amazing Italian restaurants as well as the famous Regina's Pizza and Mike's Pastry both located within the North End.
Cottage is located in a safe, quiet residential area, This home has been a part of my family for over 40 years. This is not just a property we rent out and we refuse to offer you something that we would not stay in ourselves. We take great pride in our home and service and know that only extremely high standards will make this an unforgettable vacation experience for you. You vacation is our priority, let us know how we can make this a 5 star vacation for you.
Enjoy the history and restaurants of the famous North End, just around the corner. Stroll 2 blocks down the street to Faneuil Hall, Quincy Market and the Rose Kennedy Greenway. Explore the Boston Harborwalk and take a boat to the islands or a whale watch from docks near the Aquarium, 5 blocks near!
Everything to love about Boston and this neighborhood, steps to amazing bakeries ( open 24/7), restaurants, boutiques, historical sites, parks, waterfront and public transportation.
Historic and beautiful North End is full of delicious restaurants and eccentric characters!
Just a minute’s walk to Faneuil Hall, Quincy Market, Freedom Trail, the Aquarium and many restaurants and shops.  Laundromat across the street.
Known as the North End, the neighborhood is a charming mix of winding streets, restaurants, historic landmarks and boutiques. From the Freedom Trail that winds just steps away from the front door to the street festivals that enliven the area in the summer, the North End is one of Boston's most cherished quarters. It is also just a ten minute walk to downtown Boston.
Known as the North End, the neighborhood is a charming mix of winding streets, restaurants, historic landmarks and boutiques. From the Freedom Trail that winds just steps away from the front door to the street festivals that enliven the area in the summer, the North End is one of Boston’s most cherished quarters. It is also just a ten minute walk to downtown Boston.
Little Italy is a friendly, family neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, cozy cafes and moms and pops shops.
Little Italy is a friendly, family neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, cozy cafes and moms and pops shops.   The apt. is on a quiet street, yet close to everything.
Little Italy is a friendly, family neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, cozy cafes and moms and pops shops.   This apt. is on a quiet street.
Located at the edge of the North End, one block from the Boston Harbor we are steps from it all! Faneuil Hall, parks, tour buses, restaurants and shopping are just the beginning.
Located in the North End, Boston's historical North End. Lots of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
Location location location! Friendly, safe, fun! Steps away from iconic Hanover Street and Salem Street in the North End! Great walking area!! The Greenway, Fanuiel Hall, and Waterfront are close proximity, along with Charlestown, The Navy Yard, Battery Wharf, TD Garden, and Boston Common! Tennis courts down the street, playground across the street.
Location: Conveniently located in the heart of downtown Boston,in Lewis Wharf  this boat is just steps away from the New England Aquarium, Quincy Market/Faneuil Hall, the North End, Boston Garden, a large outdoor neighborhood swimming pool, a free tennis court, a public ice skating rink, and countless other things to see and do.
North End section of Boston or "Little Italy".
North End-Boston's own Littly Italy
North end
One of Boston's most culturally rich neighborhoods, it is often referred to as Boston's "Little Italy." This one-square-mile waterfront community is known for its fine dining, amazing cafes, delicious gelato, and colorful personalities. The North End should always be a stop on your visit to Boston.
One of the best locations in Boston. Centrally located, at the edge between the plush Boston Water Front and the North End, with its unique mixture of historic landmarks and homely feeling.
Our apartment in located between the lively North End and gorgeous Boston Harbor Waterfront.  While the North End is known for it's Italian culture and delicious Italian restaurants, it is also home to award winning seafood (Neptune Oyster), a delicious Mexican restaurant, small boutique shops, local vegetable stands, a great fish market, and much more. Explore the historical sites along The Freedom Trail like Paul Revere's House and the Old North Church.  The Boston Harbor is home to gorgeous Christopher Columbus Park, the Aquarium, lively street performers and more. Walk along the Harbor Walk to awe at the activity in the harbor, or relax in the park and watch boats come and go. Next to the harbor, you can explore the Greenway (food trucks & vendors), or step over to Faneuil Hall for some shopping and lunch in the historical food hall.  
Our apartment is located in the North End neighborhood of Boston. Italian restaurants and bakeries are plentiful in a five minute walking radius. The apartment is only a 5 minute walk to the historic Paul Revere's house on the Freedom Trail.
Our apartments are the best-priced and located right in the center of Boston in little Italy, which is in the North End. They are only a short walk to the famous Quincy market, Faneuil Hall, the Aquarium, the Freedom Trail and many more historic and tourist sites. The location is considered the friendliest and safest in Boston and is close to all public transportation.
Our favorite thing about our apartment is the location! We live on the residential end of Hanover so have more privacy, but are on the same street as the famous Mike's and Modern Pastry, the Old North Church, Paul Revere's House, and steps away from numerous delicious Italian restaurants.
Our neighborhood is called Little Italy/ No. End.  It has the distinction of being the city's oldest residential part of the city, settled in the 1630s. Walk on the streets of history, like Paul Revere, who took his famous midnight ride from here, and the Old North Church, where the lanterns were lite to tell the American troops, the British are coming. These streets are also filled with amazing restaurants, Italian festivals (July/Aug.) and the beautiful harbor is a block away.  In your guest room there is a binder with brochures of some of the activities available around the city, and also a list of a few of our favorite restaurants (with menus) in the area. There are endless things to discover. Enjoy!!
Safe, convenient, great restaurants
The  North end is the best place to stay while visiting Boston! It is a very beautiful and historical Italian neighborhood. It is filled with great restaurants, bars, bakeries, many historical sites(such as Paul Revere's house and the old church) and more!
The Neighborhood The North End is the most historic neighborhood in Boston and also happens to be the most beautiful! With amazing boutiques and tourist attractions to see by day and romantic Italian restaurants and populars bars to visit at night, it is truly the place to be in downtown Boston. Special Dates for events in north end! North End Italian Feasts & Processions Summer 2016 June 5, 2016 – Santa Maria Di Anzano Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets (First Sunday of June) (URL HIDDEN) June 12, 2016 – Saint Anthony of Padua Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets (Hanover & Prince Streets) 5:00pm Blessing of the Children at Saint Leonard Church June 26, 2016 – Saint Padre Pio Procession 2:00 Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets July 10, 2016 – Madonna delle Grazie Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover &
The North End and Waterfront area provides access to some of the cities best restaurants and parks. Boston's Public Market, Christopher Columbus Park & playground, the Rose Kennedy Greenway, the carousel, Paul Revere's House and the Freedom Trail are just steps away. Easy access to the TD Garden, Aquarium and Faneuil Hall make this the perfect location to explore the city.
The North End features world-renowned cuisine. This is a brand new renovation of a former mercantile warehouse in Boston's North End. This unit is 1200 square feet and features ten oversized windows with excellent views from each one of them!
The North End is Boston's Little Italy and is full of narrow cobble stone streets, tons of pizzerias and Italian restaurants, and home to Paul Revere's home and other historical sites. This apartment is located right off of the main drag - Hanover St, and situated between the North End's 2 most famous bakeries: Mike's Pastry & Modern. Be sure to get a canoli while in town.
The North End is Boston's Oldest residential neighborhood (continuously settled since 1630).  The streets are filled with yummy Italian resturants.
The North End is Boston's historic Italian neighborhood.  There are tons of great restaurants, historic sites to visit and nooks to explore!
The North End is a convenient and quaint place to stay filled with rich American history and delicious Italian food. It also offers easy access (10 minute walk) to Haymarket Station and North Station (green and orange line). Fenway Park is a short 25 minute direct train ride away!
The North End is a neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It has the distinction of being the city's oldest residential community, where people have continuously inhabited since it was settled in the 1630s. Though small, only 0.36 square miles (0.93 km2), the neighborhood has nearly one hundred establishments and a variety of tourist attractions. It is known for its Italian American population and fine Italian restaurants.
The North End is a popular tourist area which is along the Freedom Trail and several historic sites. It is also famous for it's authentic Italian restaurants.
The North End is a wonderful neighborhood and I love living here as well as sharing it with guests!  There is endless amounts of wonderful food- meat and cheese shops, fresh baked bread, heaps of authentic Italian restaurants, and delicious sweets (including homemade cannoli -Mike's Pastry and Modern Pastry are a 2 minute walk)!  
The North End is close to downtown while still feeling like its own neighborhood.  There are charming shops, restaurants, and parks all within the North End, but walk five minutes toward downtown and you're on the greenway and the Freedom Trail, next to Fanieul Hall, the Greenway Carousel, the Aquarium, Government Center and the Harborwalk.
The North End is known for it's Italian history, great restaurants, and famous pastry shops. It is located in Downtown Boston and is very convenient to the airport, the T, the harbor, and the highways.
The North End is my favorite neighborhood of Boston because it combines old world Italy with an energetic vibe that is unmatched in other parts of the city. It is also extremely accessible to anywhere you'd like to see in Boston, either walking, train, bus, cab, uber, bike etc. You're only a couple of blocks from the ocean and can walk to the Seaport district for dinner or shop on Newbury St in less than 30mins.
The North End is my favorite neighborhood of Boston because it combines old world Italy with an energetic vibe that is unmatched in other parts of the city. It is also extremely accessible to anywhere you'd like to see in Boston, either walking, train, bus, cab, uber, bike etc. You're only a couple of blocks from the ocean and can walk to the Seaport district for dinner or shop on Newbury St in less than 30mins. 
The North End is one of Boston’s most historic neighborhoods. Traditionally a first stop for immigrants arriving in Boston, the North End is most well known as an enclave of Italian immigrants. Today the North End is populated by a mixture of Italian Americans and young professionals who are attracted to the neighborhood’s tight-knit feel and access to downtown. Tourists come from near and far to sample authentic Italian cuisine, enjoy a cannoli or a cappuccino, and explore its narrow streets. In recent years, a number of boutiques have opened in the North End specializing in everything from trendy clothing to jewelry. Revered for its intimate atmosphere, top-notch dining options, and landmark status, North End’s character filled apartment buildings, humble churches, and narrow alleyways conjure visions of old Europe. Rusted iron fire escapes and striped green awnings are suspended above North End’s various Italian pastry shops, cafes, and fine-dining restaurants. Stay in the neighborh
The North End is one of the most highly coveted neighborhoods in all of Boston and boasts some of the best restaurants, historic sites, and entertainment. Additionally, guests will be a stones throw away from Faniuel Hall and Quincy Market, trolley tours, harbor cruises, bike rentals, the aquarium, TD Garden, City Hall, and many more great attractions. We will be happy to provide recommendations on where to have fun and dine.
The North End is the Little Italy of Boston.  There are tons of Italian restaurants and cafes around here.  It's really charming place that especially comes alive when the weather is nice.   We're near attractions like the Paul Revere House (right behind me), Quincy Market, Faneuil Hall, and the waterfront, among others.  I think this is a great spot from where to explore Boston.
The North End is the best neighborhood in Boston. The best restaurants in the city all within just a few blocks of the apartment. Short walk to downtown Boston (where I work). 10 minutes to Beacon Hill. 20 minutes to Back Bay. For anyone visiting Boston, this location is ideal to visit all the city has to offer.
The North End is the hub of Boston history and Italian food. We're one street off from Hanover, which is the main drag in the neighborhood. We are also one block away from the Old North Church.
The North End is the little Italy of Boston.  There is a lot of character here, not to mention history.  There are houses that date back to the 17th and 18th centuries.  Also, check out the feasts that happen in late summer.
The North End is the most historic neighborhood in Boston and also happens to be the most beautiful! With amazing boutiques and tourist attractions to see by day and romantic Italian restaurants and populars bars to visit at night, it is truly the place to be in downtown Boston. Special Dates for events in north end! North End Italian Feasts & Processions Summer 2016 June 5, 2016 – Santa Maria Di Anzano Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets (First Sunday of June) (URL HIDDEN) June 12, 2016 – Saint Anthony of Padua Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets (Hanover & Prince Streets) 5:00pm Blessing of the Children at Saint Leonard Church June 26, 2016 – Saint Padre Pio Procession 2:00 Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets July 10, 2016 – Madonna delle Grazie Procession 2:00 pm Procession only – Starts at St. Leonard Church, Hanover & Prince Streets J
The North End is the most touristic neighborhood in Boston, also known as the Italian  one. You'll find lots of typical Italian restaurants and shops.
The North End of Boston is a world of its own. The neighborhood is colorful and full of character.  Local residents visit its bakeries, butchers and vegetable stands regularly. There are over 100 restaurants lining Hanover and Salem Steets with a few tucked away and more fun to find. The pastry shops are busy from morning to night and the cafes offer authentic espresso and broadcast international soccer nearly all year around. Recently specialty boutiques have found their way into this neighborhood historically visited for its food.  All of this and then, YES, Paul Revere lived here too!
The North End of Boston was and is part of American History.   It is Boston's version of Little Italy.  The Old North Church is on Salem Street, the Hull Street Cemetery is close by, & my personal favorite is North Square.  Hanover Street is where most of the action is.  Restaurant Fiore has a great roof deck with great cocktails & food.   .  Today it is a mix of young professionals, some students, & a good amount of locals who live in Brownstone type buildings.  This is once where the new immigrants came and lived before they could find permanent accommodations.  There was all different nationalities that came to the North End from the Jewish, the Irish, & the Italians.  There are plenty of Italian restaurants and plenty of shops including 3 or 4 pasty shops (Mike's Pastry or Modern Pastry).  The Rose Kennedy Greenway is Boston's newest gem & is great.
The condo is located in a very quiet building on a very quiet street. You cannot hear loud people getting out of the bars (you will on Hanover and Salem Streets). A list of recommended local hot spots will be waiting for you on arrival. This condo is convenient to all of Boston's amenities. Walk to TD Bank Boston Garden for Bruins or Celtics games, North End restaurants and bars, cafes, parks, jogging trails, Government Center, the New England Aquarium, farmers markets, the waterfront and Boston's wharf. Take the T or a cab to Fenway Park for Red Sox games. Ten or so minutes from Boston Logan International Airport by car, cab or subway (the T).
The friendliest coolest neighborhood in Boston.  The North End is known for it flair, its restaurants and mostly friendly people
The neighborhood is one of the most convenient and safe locations. Boston Common 15min walk Prudential Center 20min walk NE Acquarium 15min walk MGH 15min walk Train/Bus 7min walk Waterfront 5min walk Whole Foods 15min walk Hanover St (Restaurants) 1/2 block
The neighborhood is unbeatable!  We are right at the edge of the North End, steps from Haymarket Square, and a 5 minute walk to Fanuieul Hall and Quincy Market.  Within striking distance to the Science Museum, Aquarium, Boston Commons, and Freedom Trail.  And of course, you are just footsteps to some of the best Italian dining and bakeries in the Northeast!
The neighborhood is wonderful - full of charm, historic sites, and delicious food!
The north end is my favorite neighborhood of Boston. It combines old world Italian charm with amazing restaurants, the Boston harbor, the Rose Kennedy Greenway, walkability to the rest of the city, tons of public transportation options, and too many great things to mention here.
There is a public library and post office 1 street away. There is also a newly paved basketball court -1 block away. There are many wonderful coffee shops and bakeries as well as Multiple restaurants all within walking distance
There is no shortage of fun to be had in this neighborhood!!!  It's in historic North End, home to Paul Revere, the Old North Church, the best Italian food in the city, pastry shops, great bars, steps to Faneuil Hall, the Aquarium, playgrounds, museums,  you name it!   You can't be any more central in Boston.  See links below for North End festivals and Boston events. (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden)
This apartment is right on the historic red brick trail - only 100 ft away from the old North Church!  If ever lost in Boston, just find the tall spires and walk home!
This is a lively, boisterous and historic part of town.  Lots of little restaurants and tourist attractions make the neighborhood a "go to" destination.  This is Boston's Little Italy, so you are in for a treat if you like Italian food and culture. The building is away from the main street and is in a quieter area, but you are still going to run into a few people on the street.  Also, the building overlooks a historic but functional church - you will get bell ringing around noon on Sundays. Freedom Trail is right outside, and you can easily walk to a lot of great places all around. Also super close to Mass General Hospital and downtown.
Walk to all the culture cafes, restaurants and Downtown - the neighborhood doesn't get any better than this!
We are located in downtown Boston between the North End (Italian District) and the Waterfront.  It's a convenient location for getting around the city as most attractions are within walking distance to our marina. 
We brag on our neighborhood. Little Italy is one of the most sought after places to live in Boston. It has close access to such places as the Boston harbor, freedom trail, Faneuil Hall, Italian restaurants and others alike, public transportation and so much more.
We love the North End. We really feel we are in Europe when we stay here. The neighborhood is vibrant yet keeps the charm of the old Italian culture. Being so close to the train stops and so close to Downtown Boston is so convenient for tourists as well as for people who need to stay in Boston for a few months to work, train or attend the main the hospitals, universities and companies from the Financial District
Welcome to Boston’s North End, one of the oldest & most beautiful neighborhoods in America! Boston is often called the “most European city in America”, and the North End is often called the “most European neighborhood in Boston”. Dozens of Italian cafes, Italian restaurants, pizza places, and bakeries are all located in this historic part of New England. In colonial days, the North End was a breeding ground for revolutionaries such as Paul Revere. His house is still standing on North Street and is now a museum. The Old North Church is also located where Paul Revere hung the famous lanterns “one if by land, two if by sea”. The North End Waterfront is home to some of Boston’s most sought after luxury condo buildings, including Lincoln Wharf, Battery Wharf, Lewis Wharf, and Union Wharf. The Financial District, Mass General Hospital, and Faneuil Hall are all within short walking distance from the North End. The Orange & Green Line T stops are located in the North End, and provide easy tran
Welcome to the North End neighborhood of Boston: centrally located and just steps away from the waterfront, historic sightseeing (Freedom Trail), delicious restaurants and great shopping! It is convenient to public transportation to many other attractions.
While a backyard is hard to come by in the heart of the city, we have the benefit of the greenway just steps from our door. This large open green space is a luxury not found in all parts of the city - complete with swings to relax on, tables to eat, and a plush lawn to relax. There are also sprinkler fountains to cool down in on a hot day. The neighborhood in which we are located is called the North End, and sometimes compared to a smaller, and in our opinion quainter and more friendly version of New Yorks 'Little Italy'. The smaller streets are lined with family run shops, restaurants, cafes, and bakeries. Some of the cities best meals are just steps down from your door. You will find that the locals are welcoming and full of life and character, making your stay truly unique and memorable! While there is plenty to do and see just within the North End itself, you will appreciate the close proximity to the rest of the areas that Boston has to offer.
You will be staying in one of the most authentic "Little Italy" neighborhoods in all of the United States. If you listen carefully, you can often hear Italian spoken in the streets, stores and restaurants. Although there are Italians living in the North End from all over Italy, many of the local Italians in the North End hail from southern Italy, specifically, Avellino which is outside of Naples.
You will love all the Great Restaurants around the neighborhood, you will feel like you are in Italy for a brief moment with the streets the food the people!. Bars just steps away!! close to Public transportation and you can walk to all the waterfronts.
very quiet area