 Peacful, Architecturally interesting, historic, diverse, and quiet. Racially, culturally,  ethnically, and economically diverse.
- 7 minute walk to Northeastern University and New England Conservatory - 15 minute walk to the Prudential Center and Newbury St. (shopping area) - Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and Star Market all within 15 minutes walking distance
Apartment complex is located within a research medical area(BU's Boston Medical Center) which attracts people from all over the U.S and the world... because of this you will see a very diverse mix of people The South End being the gay neighborhood of the city makes this an area that may not be up to everyone's tolerance levels, be very mindful of this fact to avoid any disappointment about the location.  The brick sidewalks, the rows of brownstone and brick townhouses with their tiny gardens, the parks, the playgrounds, and the community gardens are a visual treat... just across the street! *If you feel uncomfortable/unsafe around poor, old, black, gay or different go to Back Bay!
Architecturally and geologically interesting; historic, residential, and quiet neighborhood with a racially, ethnically, and economically diverse population.  Formerly, the "Boston Highlands", the neighborhood is now called Highland Park or Fort Hill and is on a hill.  
Architecturally interesting, historic (Roxbury Highland Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988), economically, racially and ethnically diverse, and very quiet residential neighborhood.  Formerly part of what was called the Boston Highlands, it is now known as Highland Park or Fort Hill and my house is on a hill.  On a hill.  Yes, two hills.
Architecturally interesting, historic, and often quiet neighborhood. Racially, ethnically, and economically diverse.
Architecturally interesting, historic, diverse, and quiet neighborhood. Racially, culturally, ethnically, and economically diverse.
Architecturally interesting, historic, economically, ethnically, and racially diverse, and quiet residential neighborhood.  Both urban and suburban vibe depending on who is out and about and the time of year.
Architecturally interesting, quiet, historic, and economically, ethnically and racially diverse,  neighborhood. 
Boston has 13 cities in it. It goes like Downtown Boston, Back Bay and then is Roxbury Crossing. Guild street where the house is located is in Roxbury Crossing which is five minutes from Dudley Station. That particular neighborhood and its hill area called Forth Hill. It is that start street of Forth Hill. When you walk from Dudley Station you will see  a police station on your right almost half way in between.
Boston's historic Fort Hill is a quiet and beautiful neighborhood, with many notable homes of architecture.  
Dudley square is an up and coming working class area with many causal eateries and a fabulous non-profit cafe. A brand new building with a cafe, pizza place and burger joint just opened last fall just blocks from the house. We are walking distance to the South End where you'll find trendy shops and restaurants. For more upscale shopping, the Prudential Center and Newbury Street are less than 2 miles away.  We are also convenient to Fenway Park, the Museum of Fine Arts, all downtown locations, and many local colleges.
Dudley square is an up and coming working class area with many causal eateries and a fabulous non-profit cafe. A new building with a cafe, pizza place and burger place just opened last fall! We are also walking distance to the South End where you'll find trendy shops and restaurants. For more upscale shopping, the Prudential Center and Newbury Street are less than 2 miles away.  We are also convenient to Fenway Park, the Museum of Fine Arts, all downtown locations, and many local colleges.
Eclectic, Architecturally interesting, historic, diverse, and quiet neighborhood. Racially, ethnically, and economically diverse.
Extremely convenient to everything you expected in the city, all within reach by walking or by train or drive. 93 Highway is only 7 minutes drive away. Chinese take out restaurant on 1st Floor open till 2:00am everyday. Many student or young professional live in the immediate neighborhood. Tremont St is a busy main street can be a little noisy during rush hour.
For all you foodies out there: Boston's most renown restaurants are within walking distance (less than 30 minutes)! The neighborhood is quite safe and also removed from the cacophony of noise you'll hear from the heart of downtown.
Fort Hill is home to an ethnically and linguistically diverse community.  Over the last decade Fort Hill has experienced an influx of professionals, artists and students, many of whom attend Harvard Medical School, Northeastern University, Massachusetts College of Art and Design or Wentworth Institute of Technology. Fort Hill is also to many medical professionals who work at Brigham and Woman's Hospital, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and Boston Children's Hospital.
Fort Hill is the hottest neighborhood right now: easily accessible to downtown, yet there is plenty of green space and a peaceful, small town feel. The best of both worlds. A quiet retreat, just minutes from downtown.
Friendly , quiet residential neighborhood with professionals and their families as your neighbors.  Some of the neighbors include as CPAs, nurses, teachers, firemen, realtors, business owners, plumbers, electricians, and One judge, one City Council at large and families and retirees. Only about five minutes Walk park zoo and golf , supermarket, coffee, pharmacy, library , postal service Banks and 8 bus lines .Two train stations 10 to 20 minutes walk away. There are many restaurants , most of them are fast food. Good sit down restaurants are two miles away in South End, Fields Corner or Brigham Circle.
Friendly residential neighborhood with professionals and their families as your neighbors.  Some of the neighbors include as CPAs, nurses, teachers, firemen, realtors, business owners, plumbers, electricians, and judges.
Great Park directly across from my condo. Close to Longwood Medical Area, Northeastern University, Museum of Fine Arts, Dudley Square, Mission Hill, Jamaica Plain.
Great restaurants and young-hip area.
Historic Fort Hill is an established and quiet neighborhood. There is a convenience store across the street from the building. Dudley Square is a ten minute walk.
I am going to say first that I adore my neighborhood.  However, what I adore about it seems to be the same attributes that make others uncomfortable or feel unsafe.  We live in an area of Boston known as Dorchester, specifically on the border of the Egleston Square section of Jamaica Plain.  This is a residential part of Boston that has been largely neglected by the city and overall development.  Therefore, the buildings are older, many sad and vacant.  The upside of this is that lower-income families are able to afford these homes and so we have a lot of kids and families in the area.  There is also a branch of the Boston Public Library two blocks away!  Franklin Park, one of the famous nature areas of Boston is visible from the corner of our street, and directly diagonal from the bus stop.  This is a great place to go for walks or get a run in in the early mornings (I've even seen people cross-country skiing when there is snow on the ground)!  A number of Bodegas are also within easy
I can walk to the T-Station, everything is in walking distance
If you are not familiar with Roxbury, or living in a city, please be aware that Roxbury is what some would call a "grittier" neighborhood. I've lived here two years, and have never felt unsafe, and I love my neighbors and everyone I meet. However, you will see occasional things such as: run down buildings, graffiti, homeless people on the main street, (mostly on Melena Cass from Massachusetts Ave. to Harrison Ave.,) and you will hear things occasionally such as: sirens, (mostly because of the close proximity of the hospital,) a lady that likes to walk around during the day preaching the word of God through a bull-horn, loud music from the cars stopped at the traffic light out front, and people occasionally yelling at each other outside. Also, it is an old house so it is easy to hear the front door opening and closing, people going up and down the stairs, the neighbors if they are in the backyard, and my upstairs neighbor when she vacuums or occasionally hammers god-knows-what upstairs 
If you are not familiar with Roxbury, or living in a city, please be aware that Roxbury is what some would call a "grittier" neighborhood. I've lived here two years, and have never felt unsafe, and I love my neighbors and everyone I meet. However, you will see occasional things such as: run down buildings, graffiti, homeless people on the main street, Melena Cass, and you will hear things occasionally such as: sirens, because of the close proximity of the hospital, a lady that likes to walk around during the day preaching the word of God through a bull-horn, loud music from the cars stopped at the traffic light out front, people occasionally yelling at each other outside. Also, it is an old house so it is easy to hear the front door opening and closing, people going up and down the stairs, the neighbors if they are in the backyard, and my upstairs neighbor when she vacuums or occasionally hammers god-knows-what upstairs at 11:30pm. Most weekday nights it is extremely quiet as there is 
It's a tight knit, quiet and conservative community. It encompasses family and tradition.
It's considered one of the most European cities and neighborhoods in the country. Plenty of coffee shops, restaurants, and within walking distance of all hottest spots and clubs as well as most touristic areas. Also very accessible by public transportation. The "T" or subway system is right around the corner!
It's pretty residential on the street, but places to eat and shop start showing up about 10 minutes away on foot.  You'll also be close to the T so you can get practically anywhere.  Jamaica Plain is right around the corner - a diverse assortment of restaurants can be found there, as well as a Whole Foods if you'd rather stay in and cook.  The renowned Sam Adams brewery is only 2 stops away by T.
It's safe and quiet part of busy metropolitan city.
Located in a quiet area ten minutes away from Historic Downtown Boston by train or bus. Private off street parking. Across the street from a church. Five minute walk to local recreation center with swimming pool.
Located in historic Fort Hill (Highland Park), my home is in a diverse urban residential/bedroom community. Steeped in history since the 1630, this hill has hosted figures such as several of the key founders of Harvard University, George Washington and Henry Knox during the Siege of Boston in the revolution, to the famous abolitionist William Llyod Garrison (whose home is close by and the water fountain in front of the house is designed in his image). After transforming into one of the nations first street car suburbs, now Fort Hill is one of the most sought after and up and coming residential neighborhoods in the city with a diverse community of young professionals, working class and long time residents. We are 2.7 miles (4.3km) from downtown, off the vibrant and hip Centre st in JP, and down Tremont st from some of the best restaurants in the city located in the South End. The neighborhood is a history lover or architects dream with every period represented, has a progressive and eng
Located in historic Fort Hill (Highland Park), my home is in a diverse urban residential/bedroom community. Steeped in history since the 1630, this hill has hosted figures such as several of the key founders of Harvard University, George Washington and Henry Knox during the Siege of Boston in the revolution, to the famous abolitionist William Llyod Garrison (whose home is close by and the water fountain in front of the house is designed in the profile of his face). After transforming into one of the nations first street car suburbs, now Fort Hill is one of the most sought after and up and coming residential neighborhoods in the city with a diverse community of young professionals, working class and long time residents. We are 2.7 miles (4.3km) from downtown, off the vibrant and hip Centre st in JP, and down Tremont st from some of the best restaurants in the city located in the South End. The neighborhood is a history lover or architects dream with every period represented, has a progr
Located in historic Highland Park/Fort Hill. This wonderful neighborhood is diverse in both people and architecture. It has a progressive and engaged group of residents that nurture, lots of public spaces, urban wilds (including our wild turkeys that live very close to the house), community gardens, and a host to passive houses and energy positive homes. Since 1630, this neighborhood has hosted historic figures from John Eliot (a missionary, whom some called “the apostle to the Indians” and was the founder of Roxbury Latin School) to George Washington (who camped on the green in front of the Dillaway Thomas House the night before The Siege of Boston) to Louis Prang ("father of the American Christmas card" and the lithographic crayon) to the famous abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison (whose home, Rockledge, is nearby in the neighborhood).   Highland Park/Fort Hill is 3 miles from Downtown Boston and very close to the vibrant and hip Centre Street area in Jamaica Plain, Brigham’s Circle 
Located in historic Highland Park/Fort Hill. This wonderful neighborhood is diverse in both people and architecture. It has a progressive and engaged group of residents that nurture, lots of public spaces, urban wilds (including our wild turkeys that live very close to the house), community gardens, and a host to passive houses and energy-positive homes. Since 1630, this neighborhood has hosted historic figures from John Eliot (a missionary, whom some called “the apostle to the Indians” and was the founder of Roxbury Latin School) to George Washington (who camped on the green in front of the Dillaway Thomas House the night before The Siege of Boston) to Louis Prang ("father of the American Christmas card" and the lithographic crayon) to the famous abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison (whose home, Rockledge, is nearby in the neighborhood).   Highland Park/Fort Hill is 3 miles from Downtown Boston and very close to the vibrant and hip Centre Street area in Jamaica Plain, Brigham’s Circle 
Located in the historic Highland Park/Fort Hill section of Roxbury, this wonderful Boston neighborhood is diverse in both people and architecture. It has a progressive and engaged group of residents that nurture, lots of public spaces, urban wilds (including our wild turkeys that live very close to the house), community gardens, and a host to passive houses and energy-positive homes. Since 1630, this neighborhood has hosted historic figures from John Eliot (a missionary, whom some called “the apostle to the Indians” and was the founder of Roxbury Latin School) to George Washington (who camped on the green in front of the Dillaway Thomas House the night before The Siege of Boston) to Louis Prang ("father of the American Christmas card" and the lithographic crayon) to the famous abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison (whose home, Rockledge, is nearby in the neighborhood).   Highland Park/Fort Hill is 3 miles from Downtown Boston and very close to the vibrant and hip Centre Street area in Ja
Lots of green space, nearby parks
Many of my neighbor are hard working professionals , small business owner,  Nurses, teachers, CPAs, realtors Politations, a Judge. Also many apartment around us run by the City has very friendly families who live there 20 or 30 years raise their children there.  People are focus on make a living , minds their own business.
My neighborhood is lively and urban, and surrounded by parks. My block has old brick sidewalks, Victorian houses, and friendly neighbors. If you're into basketball, tennis or swimming, they're all happening at the park across the street. Quick drive or 20 minute walk to two different neighborhoods with great shopping and cafés. Grocery shopping is easiest with a car. I've lived in this house for six years and have never had any problems with crime, but it is an urban neighborhood so please be aware of your surroundings when walking to and from the T, and ALWAYS keep the house locked! Thanks!
My neighborhood, the South End, is one of the best places for people who love to eat.  Many of the best restaurants in Boston are within a 20 minute walk from my place.  Toro, Equator and Seiyo, which are rated the best Tapas, Thai, and Sushi restaurants in Boston are on my block.   El Centro, Orinoco, and Terenga, the best Mexican, Venezuelan and Senegalese restaurants, are only a block away.  I like hosting guests who are adventurous eaters.
Nice Restaurants and eateries within short walk in the area. Nice parks and zoo within walkable distance. 
No parties thank you. The neighborhood is totally residential and safe. The Highland Park is just  front of the apartment if you want to bring your kids or have a nice picnic :) No parties please!
Once a farming community, Roxbury is home to the historic Shirley Eustis House, the only remaining country house in America built by a British Royal Colonial Governor. Today this neighborhood, which serves as the heart of Black culture in Boston, is undergoing a renaissance. Hundreds of new business and housing initiatives have revitalized the neighborhood's Dudley Square, Crosstown, and Grove Hall areas. The dramatic transformation of Blue Hill Avenue from a street lined with vacant lots to a dynamic business district is one of former Mayor Menino's proudest achievements.
Our home is located where Boston's South End meets Roxbury Crossing at Northeastern University.  A five minute walk to the center of the South End with hundreds of coffee shops, bars, amazing restaurants, artists' markets, and some of the best Boston has to offer. Our home is also located just a five minute walk from the Orange Line's Ruggles stop.  Just two short stops to Boston Common and the center of the city.   Famous for its eclectic mix of small shops, bookstores, cafes and music, Roxbury Crossing and the South End are two of Boston's best neighborhoods.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood in Roxbury. Near the house are (view pictures) : a Boston Police Department station, Marshalls, a supermarket, Santander bank, McDonald's, Popeys, Walgreens, AutoZone and a YMCA. This YMCA has a nice gym, sauna, steam room and a swimming pool ($25/month : ages 18 through 29 or $30/month : ages 30 through 64). If you walk onto Blue Hill Ave, you will see a Super Stop & Shop, Bank of America, CVS and Dunkin' Donuts.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood in Roxbury. Near the house are (view pictures) : a Boston Police Department station, Marshalls, a supermarket, Santander bank, McDonald's, Popeys, Walgreens, AutoZone and a YMCA. This YMCA has a nice gym, sauna, steam room and a swimming pool ($25/month : ages 18 through 29 or $30/month : ages 30 through 64). If you walk onto Blue Hill Ave, you will see a Super Stop & Shop, Bank of America, CVS and Dunkin' Donuts. A diverse community that includes a large proportion of African-American, Hispanic, and Asian families, along with some young professionals.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood. Near the house are ; a Boston Police Department station, a supermarket, a small shopping mall, Walgreens, and a YMCA. This YMCA has a nice gym, sauna and a swimming pool. If you walk onto Blue Hill Ave, you will see a Super Stop & Shop, Bank of America, CVS and Dunkin' Donuts.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood. Near the house are ; a Boston Police Department station, a supermarket, a small shopping mall, Walgreens, and a YMCA. This YMCA has a nice gym, sauna and a swimming pool. If you walk onto Blue Hill Ave, you will see a Super Stop & Shop, Bank of America, CVS and Dunkin' Donuts. A diverse community that includes a large proportion of African-American, Hispanic, and Asian families, along with some young professionals.
Peaceful, Architecturally interesting, historic, diverse, and quiet. Racially, culturally,  ethnic, and economically diverse.
Peaceful, Architecturally interesting, historic, diverse, and quiet. Racially, culturally, ethnic, and economically diverse.
Peaceful, Cool Architecture, historic, diverse, and quiet neighborhood. Racially, culturally,  ethnically, and economically diverse.
Quiet - right next to a park.
Quiet, safe and green.  Plenty of free street parking, convenient for walkers. Building is adjacent to an aesthetic community kitchen garden!
Roxbury is a very quiet neighborhood with tons of college kids!
Roxbury is one of the oldest areas of Boston with some of the most gorgeous examples of Victorian architecture. It is an urban, multicultural and economically diverse community. There are lots of little parks in the neighborhood - a surprising amount of green space for an urban setting. Located one street parallel to Blue Hill Ave (a main thoroughfare), you will find bodegas, locally owned restaurants, and most conveniences. Slushies on the corner! Delicious Dominican fare down the street! African cuisine one block over! We've lived in this neighborhood for over a decade - supporting our community and local businesses is very important to us - Roxbury is a gem of the city.
Roxbury's Highland Park/Fort Hill served as the outpost overlooking the (then) only land route into Boston during the Revolutionary War, William Lloyd Garrison lived around the corner during his days in the the 19th century abolitionist movement, while Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X both called Roxbury home. A neighborhood full of community gardens, Haley House's urban farm, it is a little piece of country in the middle of the city with easy access to Dudley Square, Jamaica Plain, Brookline, Longwood Medical area, South End/Back Bay and Downtown.
The Ashur Restaurant next door gives our guest a 15% discount of food purchases.
The Ashur restaurant next door gives our guest a 15% discount on any food ordered there.
The historic South End of Boston is one for the record books.  It is the largest, contiguous Victorian neighborhood in the United States.  Almost entirely built of red brick, with few exceptions, the city has the entire district protected as a much loved neighborhood; the BEST in Boston by far!!  Bring your camera!!  This building is in the west end of the South End, not too far from newly rebuilt Dudley Square.  Large, new supermarket just 5 minutes walk towards Dudley Square.  They sell it all! 
The neighborhood is beautiful and quiet. It has mixed population of different ethnicities, predominantly black and white.
The neighborhood is diverse and eclectic. There are many renovated homes, historical homes and churches in the neighborhood. I have many wonderful neighbors and our street is truly a community. 
The neighborhood is multi culturally mixed with whites and blacks, Hispanic, predominantly black.
The neighborhood is very close to schools and malls and everything great in a city.
The proximity to nearly every and anything in Boston and Cambridge.
There are a few places to eat in the immediate neighborhood. My local grub favorite is good eats. Get the signature sub!  I also really like Pinto Bangkok, they produce really fresh Thai food. Let me know what you think of their green curry! If you're interested in watching a game try Pariah Cafe on Tremont for a beer and sandwich.
This apartment is located in a very simple, safe and quiet neighborhood. Within walkable distances, you would have access to bus stops and bus and T stations, churches, stores, malls, restaurants and eateries, major hospitals like BMC, B and W, Tufts Medical, Children's, Dana Faber hospital etc Also within close proximities to major universities like Harvard  Northeastern, Umass Boston, MIT, Tuft university, Boston college, Cambridge university etc. It is less than 15 minutes drive to historical places in down town Boston from Dudley's station by bus. It is about 8 minutes drive to Fenway park. It is your perfect location to anywhere in Boston at very reasonable price compared to other outrageously priced similar apartments in downtown.
This is a diverse neighborhood with professionals, students and people of every economic level. The neighborhood is central to many universities, hospitals and cultural institutions, including Northeastern University, Harvard Medical, BU Medical, Wentworth, Mass College of Art, Berklee College of Music, New England Conservatory of Music, Children's Hospital, Boston Medical Center, Museum of Fine Arts, Gardner Museum, Symphony. And many more, all within a 10-25 minute walk.
This neighborhood is conviently located to MBTA both commuter , train and buslines are walking distance
This prime location apartment is walking distance from all of South End's unique attractions. Look for events by the SoWa Artists' Guild or take in Boston's renowned South End Open Market (Sundays from May 1 to Oct 30)! Good eats are just around the corner in Lower Roxbury proper, with highly-rated Spanish tapas restaurant Toro, or nearby Teranga for Senegalese fare.  Lower Roxbury is one of Boston's up and coming areas. It's home to many of Northeastern University's newest buildings and is just blocks from the trendy and chic South End neighborhood. A hop, skip, and jump brings you right into downtown Boston as the area is very accessible to public transportation. As one can imagine it is mainly inhabited by students and long time city residents.
This room is located on a quite street with great neighbors
Very Quiet. Mostly family owned houses, very welcoming neighborhood.
Very close to transportation (bus or orange line). One of the largest Olmstead Parks (Franklin Park) is just a 10 minute walk. Close to great restaurants and bakeries in Jamaica Plain like Ula Cafe, Ten Tables, etc.
Very convenient.
We are in a college type of area being that Roxbury Community College is next door.
We are in a college type of area next to Roxbury Community College.
We're located right next to a park, a stop'n shop (grocery store), a liquor store, and a public transport station. (We advise exploring Boston!)