"The Innovation District" is the hottest, upcoming neighborhood in the city. Art, Culture, restaurants, Convention Center, public transit. You are looking at the hottest neighborhood neighboring South Boston, the Seaport and walking distance to South Station
Conveniently located across from premier shopping, dining, and nightlife establishments. You can walk out your to your front door and you’re in walking distance to some of the city’s premier attractions. Easy access to major highways, adjacent to the Silver Line and airport water shuttle.
Conveniently located across from premier shopping, dining, and nightlife. Easy access to major highways, adjacent to the Silver Line and airport water shuttle.
Fantastic restaurants and hot night spots all around.  Walking distance to everything including downtown and BCEC
Fort Point is the coolest part of Boston. 10min from downtown, and 5min from seaport, the aesthetic is rustic, industrial, and modern. Top restaurants and bars speckle the neighborhood, and though the streets are lively in the daytime and the bars are busy at night, between the hours of 1am and 9am, the neighborhood tucks itself in for a quiet night of sleep.
Hip, Fun Fort Point Area
Hottest up and coming area of Boston.
Located in Boston's up and coming Seaport neighborhood. Restaurants, bars, shops and convenient stores are right at your doorstep. All of Boston's great attractions and neighborhoods are within walking distance or just a short uber/taxi ride away.
Located on the city side of Southie, within close proximity of all parts of the city, from Back Bay to the Seaport.
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – Anthony’s Pier 4 (.6 mi), Atlantic Beer Garden (.4 mi), Water Café by Wolfgang Puck (.5 mi), Morton’s The Steakhouse (.2 mi) •J. Pace & Son (on-site) – deli/grocery, Boston Public Market (1.7 mi) – farmers market •Target – 2.6 mi •Seaport Attractions (.2 mi) – whale watching boat tours, access to luxury cruise ships like The Odyssey and The Spirit of Boston that offer a more sophisticated way to tour the Harbor, ferry rides to other islands, carousel rides at Christopher Columbus Waterfront Park •Museum Wharf – Children’s Museum and Computer Museum - .7 mi •New England Aquarium – 1.6 mi •The Shops at Prudential Center – 3.5 mi •House of Blues – 4.9 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 4.1 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England – 3.5 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour –1 .8 mi •Faneuil Hall – 1.8 mi •Fenway Park – 4.7 mi •Boston University (5.2 mi),  Northeastern University (3.4 mi), and Harvard (5.6 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospita
Newly developed Seaport District. The new heart of Boston.
Once a barren waterfront packed with parking lots, a few businesses and an old school restaurant or two, The Seaport District is now the hottest section of Boston. This seaside section of the city has been reconstructed to bring some of the Boston's best to the area. A stroll along the Harborwalk will show you the new side of Seaport. Spend the entire day in this small section of the city starting with a Harborwalk Stroll. Enjoy an exhibit at the ICA, go for a cruise on the Spirit of Boston, eat at one of the many restaurants, take a tour of the Harpoon Brewery or catch a show at the Blue Hills Pavilion.
Our condo is walking distance to shops, restaurants, ATMs,  coffee shops.   A 15-20 minute walk to Boston Convention Center, World Trade Center, Harpoon Brewery, cruise port & Castle Island
Perfect location, hot neighborhood.  Close to work, train and airport.
Residents will enjoy the convenient location slightly south of San Francisco’s central business district, on the west coast of the peninsula. The area’s excellent public transportation has many ways to connect to Mission Bay and China Basin, which are just a few stops from city center.
Right in the center of Boston's Seaport District.
Some of the best restaurants and bars in the city (Menton, Papaguyo, Sportello, Lucky's Lounge, DRINK, and Bastille Kitchen) are within 1-2 blocks of the apartment.
The Seaport District is where modern architecture, new restaurants, active nightlife and vibrant cultural institutions come together with an energy and vitality unlike anywhere else in the city. From the salty breezes to the spectacular views, the harbor buzzes with action and it’s ringed by the Harbor Walk, one of the world’s largest urban waterfront parks. In a city famous for its tangled, colonial streets, the Seaport District was designed and built for a modern lifestyle—with wide sidewalks, bike lanes, public transit, highways, waterways and direct access to Logan International Airport. It’s an unmatched transit hub that’s only a short walk (or ride) to downtown Boston.
The apartment is located in up and coming South Boston. Its family, GLBT, and dog friendly. You are in walking distance to the red line, local busses, The Lawn on D, Seaport World Trade Center, MCCA, and the BCEC (Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.) Also a short walk to South Station, South End, and Tufts Medical Center.
The location is prime in the hottest area of Boston.    Lots going on in the area and construction on going now and for years with the GE move to seaport area.   Empire, Gather, Whiskey Priest, Del Frisco and Legal Seafood all within minutes. I have memberships at the IcA, Children's museum and Boston Science museum... For $40 cash I walk up to 8 people in any of those places.  I will split an aquarium pass if anyone is interested.  Also have a pass to Wave at the Seaport Hotel where there is a pool.
The neighborhood is prime location for all things social.  The Lawn on D across the street is a summer dream with free admission to hang out and play lawn games and sip a cold drink.  Restaurants and bars are within walking distance (2-5 block walk) to which we can provide recommendations.  You're a short walk to "southie" or South Boston, the South End, the Fort Point channel and Chinatown.  The apartment is about a 5 minute drive to the airport!!
This apartment puts The Seaport and the City right at your feet.  Major Attractions: •Restaurants – Sportello, Row 34, and Flour Bakery - .2 mi •Bob’s Grocery Store – 1.2 mi •The Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway – 15-acre stretch of public parks, connecting the Seaport and Fort Point districts to the Financial District - .8 mi •Institute of Contemporary Art - .2 mi •Museum Wharf – Children’s Museum and Computer Museum - .2 mi •New England Aquarium – .6 mi •The Shops at Prudential Center – 4.4 mi •House of Blues – 4.3 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 4.3 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England – 3.6 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour- .8 mi •Faneuil Hall – .8 mi •Fenway Park – 4.2 mi •Boston University (3.9 mi),  Northeastern University (3.6 mi), and Harvard (6.4 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital – 4.2 mi
This area is superbly located and is one of the cool "hot" spots in the city. It is also a lovely walking area being so close to the harbor front and (website hidden)
This area is superbly located and is one of the cool "hot" spots in the city. It is also a lovely walking area being so close to the harbor front.
This building is located in the heart of Boston’s newest neighborhood, Seaport Square. This unique location on Boston Harbor is where the Financial District, the Seaport, and Fort Point meet.
This luxurious property is located on the Boston waterfront. This is a great neighborhood near Fort Point, the Seaport, and South Boston. There are many options of fine dining, shopping, entertainment and waterfront attractions at your doorstep. There are many beautiful parks in walking distance as well.  The city of Boston offers many artistic experiences such as jazz shows, rock concerts, classical music performances, and theatrical presentations.  For those guests looking for an amazing dining experience, the city offers outdoor cafes and waterfront restaurants that serve everything from extravagant world cuisine to simple city-famous dishes. If you are a beer connoisseur, there are many authentic city pubs to grab a drink or at Boston’s Samuel Adams Brewery.
This neighborhood is known as a night spot and has many, many great restaurants in walking distance, including several across the street such as Legal Harborside, which has the best view from the 3rd floor sushi bar. Fort Point is within walking distance which houses some of the best restaurants and bars in Boston such as Drink, Menton, Sportello, Row 34 and many others. You can take a harbor cruise from the dock a quarter mile from the apartment, and downtown crossing and Boston Common Park are a 15 minute walk. There are many, many beaches nearby. There is a beach in Boston a 5 minute cab ride away (also accessible via public transportation and bicycles, which you can rent one block from the apartment) called Southie Beach where many young people and families go. There are also beautiful beaches on the coast accessible by train less than 45 minutes away, with a shuttle that will take you directly from the train station to Cranes Beach. This is a gorgeous location for the spring and s
Tons of bars and restaurants within walking distance!
Top restaurants in Boston. Coolest places to get cocktails. It's the new hip neighborhood in Boston.
Unique location, in heart of Boston’s newest neighborhood, Seaport Square. Walking distance from the main touristic attractions, with lots of really great restaurants, cafes and bars nearby and also great transport links to the rest of the city.