Beautiful Beacon Hill. Right by the MGH/Charles T stop on Red line. Location is unbeatable.
Best neighborhood in Boston. Safe and friendly. Everything that you need is walking distance.
Best neighborhood in town. Safe and the location in unbeatable. Close to great restaurants, MGH Hospital, Science Museum, Boston Common, Charles Street and Cambridge Street with all sorts of restaurants, from French cuisine to Taquaria, Japanese, Korean, Italian, all in the same street.   Whole Foods is just 5 minutes from the apartment, with organic food and delicious self service breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Living in our apartment, residents will find themselves in the center of it all surrounded by the Charles River and the Esplanade, Beacon Hill and Boston Common, the North End and the Waterfront. Within minutes, you're on Charles Street with great shopping, fun restaurants and pubs. 
Major Attractions: •Restaurants - Dean’s List Restaurant Bar & Grill (.2 mi), Antonio’s Cucina Italiano (.8 mi), Clink Restaurant (.2 mi) •SJR Foods (1 min) for groceries, CVS Pharmacy (.4 mi) •The Shops at Prudential Center – 2.9 mi •House of Blues – 2.8 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 3.1 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England -2.9 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – 1.7 mi •Faneuil Hall – 1.7 mi •Fenway Park – 2.7 mi •Boston University (2.5 mi),  Northeastern University (3 mi), and Harvard (3.9 mi)- •Boston Children’s Hospital – 2.7 mi
Our condo is on a quiet Beacon Hill street but is accessible to all the city has to offer. Close to State House, Boston Common, Charles River Esplanade, the Wyndham Hotel and the Liberty Hotel. Luxurious Beacon Hill provides the privacy of a residential neighborhood and also the convenience of being close to all major attractions, T stops, restaurants + bars, CVS (pharmacy), Whole Foods (grocery), and boutique shops. Walk to the Freedom Trail, MANY COLLEGES (Suffolk, Emerson, Northeastern, Boston University, MIT, Harvard), Mass General Hospital, Massachusetts State House, the Hatch Shell (where many concerts -sometimes free- are played), the Liberty Hotel,  Boston Garden and Boston Common, the Financial District, Faneuil Hall, Quincy Market, TD Garden/North Station (for Celtics and Bruins Games), the Science Museum, the New England Aquarium, and SO MUCH MORE!
Residents can enjoy an ideal location, where they can walk along well-manicured pathways to enjoy a picnic on the great lawn or jog along the Esplanade. Charles Street with great shopping, fun restaurants and pubs are nearby.
Residents doing fellowships or looking for a temporary place or medical students.  This place is perfect two step away from the MASS General Hospital.  Family members visiting their loved ones working long hours in the hospital can come and spend days or holidays here while your young Doctor is working  those long hours.  Coffee shops,  Starbucks, Au Bon Panne, Dunkin Donuts. This is a very quiet and safe place.  Everyone is very friendly.  Neighbors are mostly doctors or nurses that work across the street in the hospital.  It is a quiet place to live.
Residents will find themselves in the center of it all surrounded by the Charles River and the Esplanade, Beacon Hill and Boston Common, the North End and the Waterfront.
Short walk to Mass General Hospital and Beacon Hill.
This building is in the center of it all - surrounded by the Charles River and the Esplanade, Beacon Hill and Boston Common, the North End and the Waterfront.
This building is located in the center of it all - surrounded by the Charles River and the Esplanade, Beacon Hill and Boston Common, the North End and the Waterfront.
Very peaceful and quiet, while still being convenient to great restaurants and attractions. Less than a 5 minute walk to Whole Foods - Apartments are right on the Charles River and also within walking distance to Mass General Hospital (MGH), Museum of Science, TD Banknorth Garden, The North End, The Galleria Mall, it is an amazing location. 
With the most enviable location, there is something for everyone at The West End Apartments in Boston. Within minutes, you're on Charles Street with great shopping, fun restaurants and pubs. The West End Apartments offers breathtaking and unmatched panoramic views of the Boston Harbor, the Charles River, Cambridge, Beacon Hill, and the Back Bay. 