Beacon Hill is one of Boston’s most historic neighborhoods. Close to public transportation, the neighborhood offers antique shops, boutiques and restaurants. Beacon Hill is regarded as the most desirable and expensive neighborhood in Boston.
Family area, suburbs in the city. Plenty of free on street/over night parking right in front of the house! A great park with views of central Boston is across the street, with its own variation of a stone circle for seating, to enjoy the views.* There are several different food styles within easy walking distance, or have it delivered! (We have our favorite menus in your room.) Easy transit access to Boston neighborhoods with a small town feel, yet close enough to the highway to take day trips around the state and around New England. Resistance is futile. You'll love it here! *Sorry Sassenachs, JAMFF not included.
It is very quiet and beautiful.
Location is great. 15 min drive to Fenway park/back bay Close to highway and route 9
Location, location, location. Cited as the three most important factors in determining the desirability of any residential property, the significance of location for any Boston, MA apartment community cannot be overstated. Fortunately, Chestnut Hill Realty is well aware of this fact, and we've made every effort to ensure that apartment rentals are not only well-positioned within their neighborhoods - close to public transportation, schools and shopping, but that the neighborhoods they are a part of are desirable and well-placed. We've sought out property locations in and around the Boston, Portsmouth and Providence areas with our residents in mind - and as a result we're able to offer the best value in apartment living in some of the most unique and interesting communities in the country.
My neighborhood is a nice quiet and lovely place to live
Our neighborhood is the best one in the greater Boston area according to the police report. It is very safe, quiet and convenient. We love our neighborhood and try our best to keep the way it is. Hopefully, our guests can do the same. 
Please scroll down this page to view the map. I am in Boston, but not near downtown. Parking is very convenient here. Public transit takes about one hour to get downtown. I am somewhat near Rts. 9, 128, and 1, and I-95. A popular park and shopping area with CVS, bank and restaurants are in near walking distance.
Quiet and friendly. Convenient, but uncongested. See our Guidebook for nearby attractions.
Quiet and nice
The neighborhood is close to the city in a very green area, and off of the main st. Apartment is in a one-way street (joyful enough during the day) & completely quiet in the evening. Excellent neighbors.
The neighborhood is quiet, very safe and family friendly. Walking distance to grocery store, coffee shops and restaurants.
There are great shops, restaurants, grocery stores and nightlife all within a 10 minute walk from the apartment.  Here are some recommendations to get you started! Rox Diner - best breakfast West on Center - excellent lunch and dinner, and great bar as well Coffee - Sugar Bakery, great pastries as well Sandwiches - The Real Deal
This is a quiet, friendly neighborhood with shops and nice restaurants nearby and close to Commuter Rail station.
This neighborhood truly has it all.  Good, not overpriced restaurants and a variety of food.  Everything you need (groceries, zipcar, alcohol, etc.) is within a mile.  It's ideally close to the city center but in a quiet residential area.  My guests tell me they feel like they are "home" when they stay here.
West Roxbury has so much to offer!!! We are 1 block away from Billings Field, which hosts the Corrib Run on the first Sunday in June!  Also a huge kids playground there and basketball courts.  The newly renovated YMCA and West Roxbury Library are also 1 block away (as is a Blanchard's~).  Lots of restaurants, Starbucks, grocery stores etc. within walking distance.
West Roxbury is a very safe, quiet and convenient neighborhood. It is the best one in the greater Boston area according to the police report.
West Roxbury is the SAFEST neighborhood in Boston according to the City of Boston website. West Roxbury, located in Boston's southwest corner, was home to a 19th century experimental, utopian community frequented by such notable writers as Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne and Henry David Thoreau.
West Roxbury is the hometown of one of Airbnb's cofounders. It is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts bordered by Roslindale to the northeast, the Towns of Dedham and Needham to the west and south, the Town of Brookline to the north, and the City of Newton to the west. West Roxbury is often mistakenly confused with Roxbury, but the two are not connected. West Roxbury is separated from Roxbury by Jamaica Plain and Roslindale. The neighborhood was home to an experimental transcendentalist Utopian community called Brook Farm, which attracted notable figures including Margaret Fuller and Nathaniel Hawthorne, whose 1852 novel The Blithedale Romance, is based on his stay there.
residential though close to VA medical center, shops , banks , and restaurants
走路2 minutes有shopping mall,包括CVS,restuarant,bank,dentist和几个购物商店