Private Very calm  Friendly neighbors  Golf course half a mile away Great hike route Horse back riding and other outdoor activities close by
Quiet and with wildlife, but not far from the city. 
The home is in a wonderful, peaceful, quiet neighborhood surrounded by trees and the hillside. It is close to Safeway, Rite Aid, Starbucks and downtown San Leandro which is filled with lovely shops and restaurants (favorites include Sushi Delight and Paradiso) There is always something to do! You can also walk to a beautiful park down the road full of old Redwood and Eucalyptus trees and a picnic area with barbecue facilities. You can also enjoy a hike or long walk up the road at Lake Chabot Regional Park where the path wraps around a gorgeous lake. You can also shop the weekly Farmer's Market downtown, play a round of golf at Monarchs Bay Golf Club, or take the kids to the Oakland Zoo. Close to other top locations: 15 minutes away from Oracle Arena 28 minutes from San Francisco 35 minutes from Silicon Valley
The house is nestled between the beautiful trails of Anthony Chabot Regional Park, and Knowland Park. The neighborhood is middle-class, safe, quiet, and friendly.
This part of the Oakland Hills is quiet, a bit wild and little known. Go right from the house to access great hiking trails. If you're lucky, you even might catch a glimpse of our resident Bald and Golden Eagles! We are close to some great restaurants in San Leandro - and of course, the rest of the foodie mecca Oakland has become. The Oakland Zoo, the Lake Chabot Golf Course, and the historic Dunsmuir Mansion are all within a couple miles. The Chabot Space and Science Center is 6 miles away and the Oakland airport is 4 miles away! Without traffic, San Francisco is  an easy 20 min. drive.
This part of the Oakland Hills is quiet, wild and little known. Go right from the house to access great hiking trails. If you're lucky, you even might catch a glimpse of our resident Bald Eagles. We are close to some great restaurants in San Leandro - and of course, the rest of the foodie mecca Oakland has become. The Oakland Zoo, the Lake Chabot Golf Course, and the historic Dunsmuir Mansion are all within a couple miles. The Chabot Space and Science Center is 6 miles away and the Oakland airport is 4 miles away! Without traffic, San Francisco is  an easy 20 min. drive. With traffic is anyone's guess, but plan for at least 45 min to account for SF traffic an parking.
We love living in the Oakland Hills! We have tons of hiking and mountain biking trails just minutes from the house. Some of these trails wind through redwood forests. We live on the crossroads of three major state parks that are true wilderness. It's not unusual to see wild turkeys, deer and other critters in our neighborhood.  We are also minutes from Skyline Drive, a beautiful road that gives you spectacular views of the entire bay area. All this and you are still 15 minutes from downtown Oakland and about 30-40 minutes from SF, Berkeley or Alameda. 