Close to Lake Merritt and Jack London Square. Lots of restaurants with ample cuisines to choose from.
My loft is directly in the middle of Chinatown so there is an amazing selection of Asian food from all regions right outside the door, many of which are open very late. Chinatown is also one of the safest neighborhoods in Oakland and is walkable to transit, the lake, and the nearby neighborhoods. You are within walking range of the hip Uptown restaurant and bar district, the Fox Theater, Lake Merritt (great jogging/walking paths, parks, bird sanctuary, Children's Fairyland, etc.), Oakland Museum of California, Oakland Convention Center, Old Oakland neighborhood, Jack London Square, and several nearby weekly farmer's markets. NOTABLE EVENTS: First Friday of the Month - Art Murmur street fest. Telegraph & Grand Ave. Every Friday - Food trucks @ Oakland Museum 5-9p. 10th & Oak St. Every Friday - Old Oakland Farmer's Market 8a -2p. Broadway & 8th St Every Saturday - Grand Lake Farmer's Market (best) 8a-2p. Grand & Lakeshore Ave. Every Sunday - Jack London Farmer's Market 9a - 2p @ JLS Squa
Nearby: City Hall, Main Library, Oakland Museum of California, Yoshi's Jazz Nightclub, Art Murmur, Paramount Theater of Arts, Fox Oakland Theater, EBMUD, University of California headquarters, NERSC Supercomputing Facility, Lakeside Gardens (with world class Bonsai Garden), boating on Lake Merritt, Cathedral of Christ the Light (Roman Catholic), Asian Library, Oakland Main Library, and Alameda County Law Library. Nearby corporate headquarters include: Clorox, Pandora, Bright Source Energy, Kaiser Permanente, Jack London Square, and KTVU Television.
The neighborhood is amazing! Weekends are especially fun. Explore the Chinatown farmer's market on Friday morning (9th and Broadway), the Lake Merritt farmer's market on Saturday morning (across from the Grand Lake Theater), or the Laney College Flea Market (7th and Fallon St) on Sunday mornings. Don't miss Off the Grid every Friday evening, when the Oakland Museum closes down 10th (right around the corner from us) for amazing fusion taco trucks and live bands. There's a pop up bar inside the museum and, if you venture inside, amazing views of the lake at twilight.  If it's the first Friday of the month, take the BART to 19th and walk up Telegraph to explore the Art Murmur, Oakland's monthly festivities of live music, galleries, performance art, hidden beer gardens, and street food.  Walk to Jack London Square (pop into his slanted floor one room bar or the famous chicken and waffles spot), Old Oakland, and the original Blue Bottle Coffee. The thriving uptown neighborhood is a 15 minut
There are two parking lots next to the apartment. If you have a car, it is very convenient for you to park at those parking lots.
This condo in Chinatown is precisely in between the Uptown neighborhood, Old Oakland, Jack London square and the Lake. All of these neighborhoods have amazing food, bars, coffee, artists, music and spontaneous events all with walking distance. I've tried to provide a couple highlights in my guidebook, but its growing rather fast and there's a new best something nearly every week. Chinatown is a safe, quiet respite just two blocks from all the hip things and going's on.
This neighborhood is great for several reasons: 1. BART is 1 block away and is the second stop in Oakland (can't stress this enough). 2. 2 blocks from the beautiful Lake Merritt where you can literally ride around in a gondola!  3. Off the Grid (every Friday) at the Oakland Museum is on the corner. Grab a bite to eat and then get on the dance floor to learn some salsa moves. 4. 5 minute walk to Chinatown (Shandong Restaurant=BEST Handmade noodles) 5. 15 minute walk to Jack London Square. Bowling and Bocce...need I say more?! 6. 10 minute walk to Downtown Oakland!!!
We are in the heart of Chinatown in downtown Oakland.  This area is bustling during the day but is generally quiet around 8pm.   We are central to a ton of great restaurants and nightlife venues.  Honestly, this is the most convenient area of Oakland. Typical to most downtown city areas, expect some homelessness, graffiti, metered parking, et cetera.  This isn't a scary area of Oakland but it is a downtown area so not ideal for grandparents or people looking for a suburban atmosphere. 
We are in the heart of Chinatown in downtown Oakland. This area is bustling during the day but is generally quiet around 8pm. We are central to a ton of great restaurants and nightlife venues. Honestly, this is the most convenient area of Oakland. Typical to most downtown city areas, expect some homelessness, graffiti, metered parking, et cetera. This isn't a scary area of Oakland but it is a downtown area so not ideal for grandparents or people looking for a suburban atmosphere.