Close to downtown Oakland, Emeryville and Berkeley. Restaurants and stores nearby, but most accessible by car, bike or public transportation. Please don't leave anything visible in your car to be stolen. Also, please pay attention to parking signs. 2 hour parking in front of the house isn't in effect, but street sweeping is. It's Monday and Thursday from 3am to 6 am. Be careful because as it's early in the am, people often get confused. I like to think of it more as Sunday and Wednesday nights.
Emeryville shopping center is about 3 blocks away, with Safeway supermarket, restaurants, Starbuck's, Panera Bread, etc. Local community garden hosts a small farmer's market Saturday mornings. Be sure to check out the map/guidebook linked above, I have marked many local points of interest!
I have lived in West Oakland since 2004 and in my current neighborhood -- Clawson or Dogtown -- since 2006. We are blessed with excellent weather! Over the years this has been a mixed neighborhood in terms of farming, industry and residences.  Personally, I believe I live on the prettiest street in the neighborhood and am good friends with at least half of my neighbors! Even though this is "Dogtown" there are many friendly cats that prowl about. My favorite local place to eat for breakfast or lunch is Brown Sugar Kitchen a short walk down Mandela Parkway.
I love this creative, diverse neighborhood. There are artists and entrepreneurs in every home! Oakland (particularly West Oakland) is closer to many spots in SF than if you stay in SF! And West Oakland is also a very cool place on its own! (Many artists, healers, and other creative types who used to be in SF are now in Oakland.) Ask me for a recommendation to the type of food, drink, or entertainment you enjoy. If I don't know where to send you, I know toward what source to point you!
Just one exit to San Francisco  Walking distance to Downtown Oakland, Lake Merritt, Emervylle, BART, and bus.
My loft is located adjacent to a major road (Adeline), so there is road noise, but it's not traffic-filled.   It's a transitioning warehouse district with a distinctly Oakland urban vibe.  This is Oakland, so the range of experiences is broad.   My neighborhood is called "Dogtown" ,located in West Oakland, very close to downtown, but borders Emeryville and Berkeley (about 5 mins away).
Nice because it is right in the center of the whole Bay Area. Fifteen minutes to downtown SF or UC Berkeley. Plenty of street parking. Close to shopping center. Walking distance to Safeway, Starbucks, Home Depot, Shangrila vegan restaurant and Lanesplitter Pizza. Free organic produce from the several community gardens nearby. Not far from Marinas and beach. Weather is nice most of the time and even sunny when Berkeley and SF are fogged in. Neighbors are friendly (one an AirBnB host!) Every age and race. Lots of younger people moving in and fixing up the old houses. 
Older poor neighborhood with friendly neighbors. Advantage is that its location is right in the center of the whole Bay Area. Fifteen minutes to downtown SF or UC Berkeley. Plenty of street parking. Close to shopping center. Walking distance to Safeway, Starbucks, Home Depot, Shangrila vegan restaurant and Lanesplitter Pizza. FREE ORGANIC PRODUCE from the several community gardens nearby, plus our own.  Not far from Marinas and beach. Weather is nice most of the time and even sunny when Berkeley and SF are fogged in. Neighbors are friendly (one an AirBnB host!) Every age and race. Lots of younger people moving in and fixing up the old houses.
Prime Location: 5 miles to San Francisco, 2 miles to Downtown Oakland, located on Emeryville Border in close proximity to PIXAR Campus, Bay Street Shopping, IMAX Theatre, Trader Joes, Whole Foods,Target and Lake Merritt. With an eclectic mix of top notch restaurants and bars opening every few months, Oakland is fast becoming the new place to visit for culinary adventures and nightlife.   
The neighborhood is a neighborhood in transition. It has been gentrifying over the last decade. Restored Victorians and lofts line the streets. In addition more services such as restaurants, coffee house and gyms have been added. This is still an urban experience but on the lighter side. All the the changes for the most part are an improvement. If your looking to be in the suburbs this isn't it. If your looking for a clean safe centrally located space with character here it is. Some come and enjoy the bay.
This area of Oakland is quickly expending and we couldn't more excited about it.
This is a true neighborhood, where people know each other and have been here for decades, in a lot of instances. My neighbors are cool and friendly. Please be aware that there is a large homeless population in all of the Bay Area, and Oakland is no exception.  You may be solicited, but be friendly - I would be frugal in giving or simply state that you don't have any cash.  Other than that, we are close to Lake Merritt by short car ride or BART and lots of awesome food and art.  Take advantage!
This neighborhood is West Oakland/Emeryville border. Shopping (Home Depot, Best Buy, Target, Ulta, Nordstrom Rack) is a 10 min walk away. Bay Street Mall and IKEA are just another 10 minutes further. Brown Sugar Kitchen, Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe, Wally's Cafe and Arizmendi are the go-to restaurants. 2 miles to Lake Merritt. The neighborhood is one in transition similar to WIliamsburg, Brooklyn in 2000-2005. Lots of live/work artist's lofts have been here for the last 25 years along with major development of original homes and new condo construction. It's an industrial neighborhood with a large share of warehouses, meaning you wouldn't want to walk around at night because it isn't well-lit. Our property is extremely well-lit, safe and secure and has an amazing secluded garden oasis from the industrial feel outside. Major shopping is 2-3 blocks away, including Starbucks and Nordstrom Rack. If you want to come by and take a look I'm happy to show you the apartment as well as the larger acre
Up and coming Oakland neighborhood. We live in an urban developing environment. It is a safe neighborhood but you most use common sense.  West Oakland is a neighborhood currently undergoing lots of change. You will see general inner city poverty. My wife and I both feel comfortable with living in this area, it is not for everybody. You can compare the neighborhood to a toned down SF mission district or tenderloin. We feel safe in our neighborhood and especially in our home, its not a good idea to to leave items such as laptops or backpacks visible in your car if parked on the street. If you are cautious and aware of your surroundings, you need not worry.
Walking distance to 3 very hot eateries - Fusebox, Brown Sugar Kitchen, Arizmendi Bakery. One block away from 2 cross fit gyms. Walk to Starbucks, Kilovolt coffee or Scarlet City Cafe for your morning buzz. Neighborhood is transitional, but safe with families, kids, artists, hipsters, etc... we love it.
We live in Dogtown, a neighborhood on the West Oakland/Emeryville Border. We are close to Target, a shopping center, Kilovolt Cafe, Brown Sugar Kitchen, and American Steel Studios. We are also minutes from West Oakland BART (one stop to the city), downtown Oakland, and Emeryville.
We live in a modern live/work complex.  This is a very industrial urban and eclectic neighborhood surrounded by local artists and other vibrant characters.
We love Oakland and West Oakland in particular. First settled after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, this neighborhood is rich with amazing victorian homes. These residential pockets are tucked between industrial corridors that lead down to the Ports of Oakland. There are some really cool architectural gems and spots to get food in our neighborhood (Brown Sugar Kitchen and Fuse Box are two of the closest and best). You can get to Downtown Oakland, Temescal, Lake Merritt and Oakland's many great neighborhoods within minutes. Hikes in the redwoods are a quick 15-20 minute drive away. All that said, it's important to note that West Oakland is not considered a beautiful neighborhood by typical standards. It's industrial, and does have some pockets of blight. We have never had any trouble AT ALL but just to be on the safe side, we recommend that you not walk around the neighborhood at night. Unfortunately, if you don't have a car or you want a neighborhood that's more fancy, our listing m
West Oakland is a suburb-styled neighborhood in between two big cities. It is absolutely perfect for travelers with cars (or bikes), that are in town for business or leisure and want a quiet place to come home to after a long day exploring, or having meetings around the Bay.  It is described as an "up-and-coming" neighborhood with a few local coffee shops and restaurants, but it's still a long way from all amenities being within walking distance. If you are independent, like the feeling of neighborhoods rather than cities, enjoy using public transportation, biking, or have your own car, then my place is perfect for you! I've lived in West Oakland for 4 years, and there is almost no other place - in the world - I'd rather be. I really appreciate the mix of people and experiences you can find in this unique part of town.
West Oakland is an eclectic mix of urban and artists, with Victorians homes, warehouses, liquor stores, industrial complexes, and community gardens all jumbled together. Affordable West Oakland is becoming a cool Victorian-Meets-Industrial district thanks to its proximity to thriving Uptown Oakland & Jack London Square as well as San Francisco and Emeryville. It's at the nexus of every freeway so it makes a perfect jumping off point for Bay Area exploration, and is well served by local entrepreneurs who are revive the area with new eateries, coop grocery stores, community gardens and live-work spaces. Bonus: The weather in Oakland is the best in the Bay Area!
centrally located on the border of Emeryville.  Accessible by bart or bus.  bikes are allowed.  super convenient spot with all necessities in walking distance.