- Lake Merritt is 1 block away - Trader Joe's, Lucky's (supermarket) and tons of bars and restaurants - 10 min walk - Whole Foods is 1.5 miles away - Farmer's Market on Saturdays from 9-2 - 10 min walk - Grand Lake Theater - 10 min walk - Off The Grid on Friday evenings @ Oakland Museum - 20 min walk
1.5 blocks to Lake Merritt and 10min walk to Grand Lake shops & farmers market.
Can walk to Lake Merritt. Minutes from Lake Merritt,Lake Shore and Grand Ave shopping, restaurants, Trader Joe's, and Grand Lake movie house. Also just a Few blocks from Oakland Art Museum.
Cleveland Heights is a friendly, quiet neighborhood that is a fantastic place to call home, with both Lake Merritt and the vibrant Grand Lake area a 5 minute walk away. There are many wonderful cafes, restaurants, bars and shops nearby, along with the historic Grand Lake movie theater.
Cleveland Heights is a friendly, quiet neighborhood that is a fantastic place to call home, with both Lake Merritt and the vibrant Grand Lake area a 5-10 minute walk away. There are many wonderful cafes, restaurants, bars and shops nearby, along with the historic Grand Lake movie theater. Some great resources for finding out what is happening in the neighborhood and beyond are 7x7, SF Gate and East Bay Express. Feel free to ask me for recommendations as well.
Cleveland heights is full of nice people and nice houses. I love walking from our house to the lake and back. The Cleveland Cascade is on the way and makes the walk more excellent.
Convenient store at corner, blocks away from neighborhood shops and hangouts. Best of all only 10 minutes away from all the great activities of Lake Merritt on foot.
I love my 'hood. Lake Merritt is two blocks away, a great place to stroll, see Oaklanders strolling, catch a sunset, etc. Mine is an in-between neighborhood, my favorite kind. That means that there are poor neighborhoods nearby, rich-ish neighborhoods nearby, and friendly neihbors. You might run into panhandlers, there are check-cashing places nearby, as well as a solid Vietnamese restaurant, a great dive bar, friendly cafe and a few hipster spots. Half a mile down the lake, is a great little commercial district with many bars and restaurants to choose from.
I love my neighborhood because while it's a quiet street, a few minutes walk and you are at the lake where things are always happening. You can jog, sit and watch the sunset, read, people watch, do yoga, capoeira on the weekends.  It's a culturally amazing area! Also lots of wonderful restaurants a 10 minute walk away.
I love walking around in this area with its diverse population and architecture. Lake Merritt is beautifully landscaped and charmingly lit up at night with a "necklace of lights."  There is action every day of the week--runners at lunchtime taking off from offices, strolling families, people walking dogs, people practicing acrobatics and dance moves, groups playing music and strollers watching strollers.. Convenient walking access to Trader Joe's, Arizmendi Bakery, Peet's Coffee, Green Day Spa, post office,  transportation, movie theater  and eateries. Walk to BART for airports, SF Symphony, Asian Art Museum, SF MOMA, downtown Berkeley. Walk to the Oakland convention center and the Oakland Museum. Enjoy the little local Haddon Hill Cafe (wifi) at 504 Wesley Ave. Exit house left on Athol, then left on Newton. Continue to a 5-way intersection with Pizza at one corner. Obtuse right onto Wesley. (ATM sign at laundromat) You'll see  tables/chairs on sidewalk. Enjoy!
It's beautiful, friendly and just a short, pleasant walk to the lake, parks, playgrounds, shops, restaurants and other amenities. Oakland has a crime problem, like most big cities, so please use caution and common sense, even in neighborhoods that look safe and cute, especially after dark or at dusk. Walk with a friend and stay alert and aware. A single woman with a purse and headphones, lost in her thoughts looks like a victim! Don't let it be you.
It's very close to Lake Merritt and the wonderful Lakeshore / Grand Lake shopping area, and Saturday farmer's market
Lake Merritt is a focal point, it stands as the jewel of Oakland, even crowned with lights. A unique fresh and salt-water lake, the largest such lake located within an urban area consisting of 3.4 miles around the circumference of the lake, covering 155 acres of land. With adjacent and nearby parks and amenities to enjoy such as Snow Park where you may play several rounds of golf, walk or jog up and down the Cleveland Cascades, play a set of tennis at the Athol Tennis Courts, rent a kayak at the Lake Merritt Boating Center, read a book from the Main or Lakeview Library, or bring your magical keys to enjoy a whole new world at Children's Fairyland ~ the fun begins here.
Lake Merritt is known as the "jewel of Oakland," and the Cleveland Heights neighborhood is nestled along its eastern shore. You'll find a cafe with wifi, pizza parlor, and small market within a block. This location is just tucked away enough to feel peaceful, but a mere 5-minute walk from the Lakeshore/Grand district, which is home to places like Arizmendi Bakery, Walden Pond Books, The Alley (hands-down fantastic neighborhood watering hole featuring Rod Dibble at the keys for karaoke nights), Coach Sushi, Boot & Shoe (top brunch spot), Portal (craft beers on a huge, heated patio), Halmoni Vintage, Colonial Donuts, Ordinaire Wine Bar, Enssaro (Ethiopian food), Sidebar (food & craft cocktails), Room 389 (cafe/bar), Cana (Cuban food & salsa dancing), and much more. Stock up on groceries at the nearby Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, or Lucky market, each a short walk or tiny drive. Lake Merritt itself is great for runners and walkers, as are the Cleveland Cascades just one block away. If you w
Lake Merritt is one of the most unique urban spaces in the United States. The lake features gorgeous grassy shores; several islands serving as bird refuges; a boating center where sailboats, canoes and rowboats can be rented and classes are held; and a fairy tale themed amusement park called Children's Fairyland. A popular walking and jogging path runs along its perimeter of 3.4 miles. The neighborhood attracts a lot of visitors and has a rich night life with many restaurants and bars open late at night.
Less than 3 block walk to Lake Merritt! There you can sit and have a relaxing moment and you will see neighbors walking, jogging, biking, relaxing, etc. Quiet and safe Oakland street with a great cafe just around the corner, the Haddon Hill Cafe (see photo). Amazing coffee, pastries, outdoor seating, friendly neighbors.  A 10-15 minute walk to grocery store Trader Joe's, or to several bars, shops, and restaurants that line Lakeshore Ave. and Grand Ave.  Another few minutes walk or a short car ride and you will be in the Uptown Oakland  and Downtown Oakland areas. There, you will find an even wider variety of restaurants, cafes, and bars. Just opposite the apartment on the other side of the lake is the Lake Chalet, a charming restaurant where you can eat right over the water. On Saturdays only a few blocks from the apartment is the popular Lake Merritt Farmers Market where you can get fresh produce, people watch, see live music or capoeira, or get a bite to eat.
Perfect lake spot near cafe504, and pizza joint. 1 km from lakeshore shops and restaurants. 
Safe and quiet neighborhood, nice houses and many families nearby. Right next to a community garden with flowers and fresh veggies!
Safe convenient neighborhood just a short walk from all the wonderful things Lake Merritt has to  offer.  There are many great restaurants, bars, cafes, and shops of all sort at arms reach.  There is also a bus stop directly in front of the house which can conveniently take you anywhere in the Bay Area including Bart in about 6 minutes.
Safe neighborhood. Lucky's grocery and CVS store is 5 blocks.
So many different kinds of people live in the neighborhood.  It is quiet and safe.  Just a block away from the lake.
The Haddon Hill cafe, Leaning Tower of Pizza, and Miss Lottie's laundromat are right around the corner from the house.  There are many shops, restaurants, CVS, Walgreen's, Traders Joe's, and a movie theater just a 10-15 min walk away.  There's also a cute farmer's market every Saturday (9-2).
The Lake Merritt neighborhood is by far the coolest in Oakland. Surrounding a 3.4 mile natural lagoon with grassy shores for picnicking and barbeques, this neighborhood is a diverse community of young singles, established families, and seniors—of all races, orientations, and occupations.  There's a bay-area famous farmer's market every Saturday morning, just two blocks from our apartment. It boasts local produce, bay area food trucks, and live music performances.  The Lake Merritt neighborhood is also home to the Oakland Museum of California, about a 15 minute walk from our apartment. This art, history, and natural science museum has an incredible permanent installation of California's history, as well as rotating exhibits. And every Friday, as part of Oakland's First Fridays tradition (first friday of each month, the museum hosts a party with food trucks, live music in its amphitheater, and reduced admission. And all throughout Oakland on First Fridays, galleries open their doors to w
The apartment is super close the Lake Merritt - the runners mecca of Oakland.  Tons of great restaurants  - including my favorite - Mijori for sushi.
The area is one of the most in demand in the Bay Area, with yoga studios, a running path, espresso shops, playgrounds, fine dining and casual evening experiences all within walking distance.  In the occasional desire to go explore, the on-ramp to the freeway is a five minute drive away, with the redwood forest (via San Joaquin Miller park) being 10 minutes East and the San Francisco bridge 15 minutes West. Your journey is only limited by time and imagination.
The surrounding neighborhood is very beautiful, and easy walking distance to many great restaurants, bars, movie theater, Trader Joe's, and Lake Merritt. One direction is the Lakeshore/Grand neighborhood, and the other is the Glenview area. Both with great attractions. Close driving distance to Redwood Park, with amazing hiking and trail running, downtown Oakland and a huge arts scene, Jack London Square and the waterfront. 
There are plenty of places to dine in the area that are walkable from the apartment, including casual restaurants (Lakeshore cafe, Sidebar) and some upscale place (Boot and Shoe Service, Camino, Calavera). By car, the local options are endless.
This is a great residential neighborhood.  Down the street are a few businesses, including the Haddon Hill Cafe, a laundromat, a pizza parlor and a convenience store.  Scenic Lake Merritt is three blocks away, a great place to walk or sit and enjoy the view.  The Lakeshore Ave. and Grand Ave. shopping districts are nearby and feature outstanding restaurants.  There is a popular year round Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings.
Tight community. I know nearly all my neighbors and we look out for one another.
We live by the beautiful Lake Merritt - an up and coming neighborhood in Oakland.  It is safe and well-maintained area with a lively and diverse culture. Great for families or groups wanting to experience life in the Bay Area. There are several great local bars and restaurants in the area (i.e. Portal, Lake Chalet, Plank!, etc.) and we would be happy to give you recommendations on places to go and activities to do in the neighborhood. Every Saturday morning there is a farmers market near Trader Joe's (15 minute walk from here). On Friday nights, food trucks gather by the Oakland Museum of CA, with dancing and live music. In addition to Oakland's great venues, San Francisco is a short ride away filled with equally awesome events and ample things to do.
We live on a hill. Lake Merritt is a 2 minute walk down the hill.  The sunsets by the lake are very nice. In case you jog, it is a 3 mile jog around the lake. You can  walk to shops, restaurants, etc. The area surrounding the neighborhood is very interesting. We are a short drive to a ferry boat or subway to San Francisco. You can also explore Jack London Square, Chinatown, Koreatown, and Oakland downtown art galleries. A 5 minute walk gets you to the movie theater, Trader Joes, a great bakery called 'Arizmendi, restaurants, cafe, and a bus to San Francisco.  Whole Foods is about a 20 minute walk away.
Whether you're looking for parks and wilderness, a family friendly experience, an exciting city adventure with dinners and nightlife, or a romantic get-away, this location has it all! Located in one of Oakland's best neighborhoods. Walking distance to Grand and Lakeshore Ave shopping districts, Lake Merritt, Trader Joes, Peet's coffee, the Grand Lake Theatre and the best farmer's market in the East Bay.  Very close to nightlife and music clubs like, The New Parish, The Uptown, Yoshis's Jazz and the historical Fox & Paramount theaters.  And minutes away from Kaiser Permanente, UC Berkeley, Mills College and Cal College of Arts. 
vibrant neighborhood with farmer's market,  wonderful restaurants,  shops, Art Deco movie theatre with free organ concerts before shows;  2.4 mile jog,  walk  path around lake with bird sanctuary,  gardens, bocce ball, band shell-just steps away.
walking distance to Trader Joe's, Lake Merritt, and a thriving shopping and restaurant part of town, but a small neighborhood feeling at home with plenty of street parking.