Diverse with panoramic views of San Francisco and the Oakland Hills
Next door neighbors are super nice, protective and respectful. Convenient shopping only 1-2 miles away. Convenient to shopping in neighborhoods of Laurel, Dimond, San Leandro and Montclair. Close to dtwn Oakland, Berkeley and Piedmont and Rockridge. 20 min Bart ride to SF.
Our neighborhood is Eastmont Hills in East Oakland. It's a lower/middle income black/hispanic area considered by the real estate folks as "transitional". Public crime statistics show it at or below average for the Bay Area. It's safe to walk dogs, evening stroll, etc. Neighbors are very friendly!
Ours is a quiet neighborhood in the Oakland Hills with a friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
Plenty of fried chicken. Cars with deep bass and big rims. 
Quiet country environment with no sidewalks Homeowners of 10 years or more Limited bus service that connects with Bus lines that extend to BART
Quiet neighborhood on a hill with a great view.
Quiet, friendly neighborhood within 15-20 minute walk to both a city park and a dog park with sweeping views of the bay.  Downtown Oakland, a hotspot for delicious, authentic food, is only a 10 minute drive away.  The attractions are limitless here in the Bay Area!
The Eastmont Hills is an oasis in the Oakland Hills. The neighbors are friendly. Our home is a quick walk to a nice natural park ("King Estate Open Space Park"), with even more amazing views of the Bay Area, 1.5 miles to the Oakland Zoo, 10 minute drive to Lake Chabot, Lake Merritt, The Coliseum....home to the Oakland Raiders and Oakland A's, The Oracle....home to the best basketball team in the world :) ....The Warriors! 15 minute drive to/from the Oakland Airport and Jack London Square, that gives you access to waterfront views, great restaurants & bars, and a ferry ride to San Francisco. Wine Country is about an hour away but highly recommended.
The Location We absolutely love our neighborhood and city! Located in Oakland Hills near East Oakland, Lower Hills and Jack London Square, there is plenty to see and do in the area. Start the day off on the right foot with a stroll through the King Estates Open Space or Leona Quarry Trail. Grab a bagel and cup of freshly-ground coffee at Zocalo Coffeehouse while taking advantage of the free WiFi. Neighborhood markets and shopping are also just a short drive away. Lake Merritt and Downtown Oakland are only a 10 minute drive, Berkeley is 15 minutes away and downtown San Francisco can be reached in a little as 30 minutes if traffic is good. Anthony Chabot and Joaquin Miller State Parks nearby are ideal for horseback riders and hikers.  There is plenty to see, hear and taste in Oakland, with the eclectic art scene, Art Murmur, diverse live performances at multiple music venues, and the plethora of tasty dining options throughout the city. When your stomach starts growling, you can't go wro
The Location We absolutely love our neighborhood and city! Located in Oakland Hills near East Oakland, Lower Hills and Jack London Square, there is plenty to see and do in the area. Start the day off on the right foot with a stroll through the King Estates Open Space or Leona Quarry Trail. Grab a bagel and cup of freshly-ground coffee at Zocalo Coffeehouse while taking advantage of the free WiFi. Neighborhood markets and shopping are also just a short drive away. Lake Merritt and Downtown Oakland are only a 10 minute drive, Berkeley is 15 minutes away and downtown San Francisco can be reached in a little as 30 minutes if traffic is good. Anthony Chabot and Joaquin Miller State Parks nearby are ideal for horseback riders and hikers. There is plenty to see, hear and taste in Oakland, with the eclectic art scene, Art Murmur, diverse live performances at multiple music venues, and the plethora of tasty dining options throughout the city. When your stomach starts growling, you can't go wron
The neighborhood is quiet with the occasional barking from a neighbor's dog. You will have access to some of the Bay's most beautiful nature getaways in Redwood Regional Park. I know the trails very well and would be happy to share with you. Oakland in itself is up and coming, and will only get more discovered in the years to come. There is lots to discover!
We live in the King Estates neighborhood between Mills College and the San Francisco Zoo, in East Oakland near San Leandro. This part of Oakland feels like it's out in the country. Lots of people keep chickens, the roads are winding (and don't have sidewalks), there are trees everywhere, and the lots are large with great views. Even though it might be easy, you don't want to forget that you're in the heart of Oakland. You should take the same precautions that you would in any big city. Don't leave belongings in your car, be aware of your surroundings especially when arriving or leaving, lock the door even when you're home, etc. Just up the street is Kings Estates Open Space, with panoramic views of the San Francisco Bay. Lots of people take their dogs there for walks so if you leave the main path, watch where you step. Leona Canyon Open Space is short distance away. Take Keller over the freeway and continue to Campus Drive. Take a left on Campus Drive and then a right on Canyon Oaks to