Cafes galore and fabulous, cool designer type people. Our ally has been described as SOHO in the seventies.
Despite the home's immense comfort, the best part about this place is the location. Bordering Emeryville, North Oakland, and Berkeley, it is a 5-minute straight shot down our street to Highway 80, with immediate connections to (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) and 24. It is a 7-minute drive with no traffic to the toll booth on the Bay Bridge to San Francisco, totaling 15 minutes to get Downtown.  Free, safe street parking available 24/7.  You couldn't be any more centrally-located here. Here are some common places in the Bay with travel times from the house: 7 minutes to MacArthur BART  10 minutes to UC Berkeley 12 minutes to Downtown Oakland 15 minutes to Downtown SF  20 minutes to Carquinez Bridge/Vallejo 20 minutes to Walnut Creek 25 minutes to SFO 35 minutes to Pleasanton 45 minutes to South Bay/San Jose When staying in the neighborhood, enjoy established authentic cuisine, never-ending Emeryville shopping, or up-and-coming hotspots nearby in Oakland. All just a short drive or walk away, the m
Emeryville is a small city in Alameda County. It's kind of a corridor between the cities of Berkeley and Oakland, which makes it really cool: you are close to both cities and can visit both easily! Emeryville is also right on the water, facing the beautiful San Francisco. Cross the Bay bridge and you are in Downtown San Francisco! Overall Emeryville is quiet place, with a few cute coffee places, bars, parks & restaurants.
Emeryville is situated close to the 80 freeway for a fast 15 minute drive into San Francisco. There are many restaurants in the area as well as take out options and Trader Joes Grocery Store or the Berkeley Bowl South on Heinz Street. There is Bay Street mall with shops and movie theaters near by and you can walk or drive to the Emeryville Marina where you can watch the sunset. The Disney owned animation studio Pixar is in the neighborhood which is always very exciting to see. Emeryville is between Oakland and Berkeley so you have easy access to both communities.
Great, hip, quite and safe neighborhood, 2 blocks away form Animation Studio Pixar, Novartis, Bayer and just across the beautiful Bay Bridge and San Francisco.  Walking distance to great local bars and restaurants, Trader Joe's, Boutiques, Movie theatre, Emery Train station, Shopping plaza, etc. Very strategic central location - close to anywhere in the Bay area.  
It's a quiet street, walking distance to restaurants, parks and bars.  Emeryville's malls - with movies, shops and more places to eat - are within a mile, as is the Emeryville train station.
LOCATION: Very strategic central location - close to anywhere in the Bay area.  Emeryville is just across the BAY BRIDGE from San Francisco.  NEIGHBORHOOD: Great, hip, quite and safe neighborhood, 2 blocks away form Animation Studio Pixar, Novartis, Bayer and just across the beautiful Bay Bridge and San Francisco.  Walking distance to great local bars and restaurants, Trader Joe's, Berkeley Bowl, Boutiques, Movie theatre, Emery Train station, Shopping plaza, etc. Very strategic central location - close to anywhere in the Bay area.
Once you leave your garden sanctuary, you are within walking distance of so many city amenities! Several local foody delicious cafes and restaurants are within walking distance! (A couple special bars as well!) Bay Street Emeryville shopping area is within walking distance (16 screen AMC theater and Uniqlo, Apple, Banana Republic, Williams Sonoma, Barnes & Noble, Coach, The Gap, Old Navy, H&M, Abercrombie, Pottery Barn and many others). IKEA, Urban Outfitters and Peet's Coffee are also within walking distance! A user-friendly map left in the cottage will familiarize you with your surroundings. Hop in your car and be in downtown SF within 15 minutes; Lake Merritt within 10, and UCBerkeley within 10.  
The aquatic center is a few blocks away and is a great place to walk or bike on a breathtaking trail next to the bay. Berkeley is just a few streets away filled with vintage and modern boutiques, restaurants and college students. Emeryville is extremely close to the bay bridge, and a simple commute to SF via car or BART (even better).
The neighborhood has a free shuttle a block aways o you can reach MCArthur Station Bart and go to San Francisco as well as plenty of avant-garde cafes. 
The neighborhood is a few minutes walk of the heart of the Emeryville Tech and Biotech Area. It is an upcoming area on the border of Oakland, Emeryville and Berkeley. The immediate neighborhood is relatively quiet and safe residential area. Nearby are eclectic shops, local cafes, art galleries, creative spaces, diverse dining, yoga, groceries, and much more. Check it out at: (URL HIDDEN)  We are also within a ten minute walk of the Powell Street Plaza shopping center (with Trader Joe's), the posh Bay Street shopping center, and Budget Rental Car; a seven minute walt to Amtrak and Enterprise Rental Car.
The neighborhood is a few minutes walk of the heart of the Emeryville Tech and Biotech Area. It is an upcoming area on the border of Oakland, Emeryville and Berkeley. The immediate neighborhood is relatively quiet and safe residential area. Nearby are eclectic shops, local cafes, art galleries, creative spaces, diverse dining, yoga, groceries, and much more. Check it out at: (URL HIDDEN)  We are also within a ten minute walk of the Powell Street Plaza shopping center (with Trader Joe's), the posh Bay Street shopping center, and Budget Rental Car; a seven minute walt to Amtrak and Enterprise Rental Car.  
The neighborhood is a few minutes walk of the heart of the Emeryville Tech and Biotech Area. It is an upcoming area on the border of Oakland, Emeryville and Berkeley. The immediate neighborhood is relatively quiet and safe residential area. Nearby are eclectic shops, local cafes, art galleries, creative spaces, diverse dining, yoga, groceries, and much more. Check it out at: (URL HIDDEN)  We are also within a ten minute walk of the Powell Street Plaza shopping center (with Trader Joe's), the posh Bay Street shopping center, and Budget Rental Car; a seven minute walt to Amtrak and Enterprise Rental Car.     
The neighborhood is in a great spot for professionals and vacationers alike!  We are in an urban environment in an eclectic neighborhood with lots of great spots to discover!  We are blocks away from Pixar, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the Joint BioEnergy Institute.  The neighborhood is full of unique bars, cafes and restaurants, excellent groceries like Berkeley Bowl West and major shopping centers. We are surrounded by parks, and just a few blocks from the Berkeley Aquatic Park, Marina and Ashby BART Station.
proximity to three great east bay cities: oakland, emeryville and berkeley... along with easy commute to the SF.