Friendly and surrounded by nature
My home is less than 10 minutes driving distance from Oakland Coliseum BART ($1.50 parking, free after 4pm) to get you to various locations around the Bay Area with ease. Commute by train or car to SF in about 25 minutes. If you're looking for great restaurants/bars, there are many in/around Oakland about 10-15 minutes away, SFO is 35 minutes away. Oakland airport is about 11 minutes away. Wineries can be reached within 30-60 minutes depending on which direction you're headed.
My home is less than 10 minutes driving distance from Oakland Coliseum BART ($1.50 parking, free after 4pm) to get you to various locations around the Bay Area with ease. Commute by train or car to SF in about 25 minutes. If you're looking for great restaurants/bars, there are many in/around Oakland about 10-15 minutes away.  Oakland airport is about 11 minutes away, SFO is 35 minutes away. Wineries can be reached within 30-60 minutes depending on which direction you're headed.
Our house is located in a quiet family-oriented neighborhood with lots of street parking.  There are schools and churches near by.  Freeway access is very close as well (but not too close)!
Our house is nestled in the Oakland Hills near the Oakland Zoo in Knowland Park.  Other nearby parks include Leona Canyon Regional Open Space Preserve, Anthony Chabot Regional Park, Redwood Regional Park, and Joaquin Miller Parks. Between Redwood Regional and Joaquin Miller Parks is the famous Chabot Space and Science Center.  This center offers free telescope viewing on Friday and Saturday nights. The nearest grocery stores are Farmer Joe's, followed  by Trader Joe's, and then Whole Foods Market Grand Lake.  On Saturdays' the local grand lake area is home to a great farmers market. Our house is located near the San Leandro border and is near a shopping mall called, Bayfair Center which includes the following:  24 hour fitness, Macy's, Old Navy, Chili's, Target, Jamba Juice, Kohl's, Foot Locker, Staples, Starbucks,  Century 16 Theaters, and more.  Great nearby restaurants include Chinese like Imperial Garden, or Oriental Tea House. CreAsian offers Indian and Nepalese fare, and a local 
Our neighborhood is so great! We are really close to several cool Bay Area hubs, but we're on a quiet residential street so we truly have the best of all worlds.
Our space is near a great farmers market on Saturdays near Grand Lake and there's a great local market called Farmer Joe's with a great selection of organic produce.
Safe, Friendly, Forested Oasis tucked between the Hills and the flatlands in a unique and peaceful part Oakland.
Safe, beautiful neighborhood