For Fun:  The East Bay (east of San Francisco) is filled with things to do. So much so that it's really impossible to get locals to cross the Bay Bridge. Why would we when we have great views over the Bay, the best parks, and Lake Merritt -- a lively place to picnic, canoe, or go for a jog? Just 1-2 hours north of Oakland you get up into Sonoma and Napa Valley, or out to Point Reyes or Muir Woods for hiking along the coast. It's a easy day trip, without the hassle of fighting your way over the Golden Gate Bridge. 
I chose to live in Dogtown because of the modest Victorian houses that make up half of the neighborhood, mixed in with the  work and live industrial warehouses. I was also attracted to the proximity of the Crucible foundry and the artists working at the American Steel Studios. The neighbors is in transition , as people priced out of San Francisco come live here. But it is a place where you have the chance to know your neighbors by name and hear the stories of how things were during WWII.
I love the diversity of Oakland. To stay here you should have a bit of street smarts and be comfortable in a multi-ethnic, working-class, urban setting. My neighborhood is surrounded by 3 up-and-coming neighborhoods and one sketchy one. I am also near both an Ethiopian and Korean neighborhood with tons of great food. 
It's an old Oakland neighborhood, you will be 7 blocks away from the Lake Merritt and only 3 blocks away from the Telegraph Ave, where every First Friday of the months happens a street art Festival. You will be located very close to the Downtown and old city. You can also find a lot of beautiful graffiti around.
Oakland! It's the rough cut gem of the Bay Area, with more culture and attitude in a square mile than San Francisco has in its 49 (I kid, I kid). We're a 5 minute drive from Lake Merritt where you can sit for a picnic or have a nice run, and about the same distance from downtown Oakland, where you can see a show at the Fox, or enjoy a late night breakfast at Rudy's can't fail. It's a great city, but it can be a bit rough around the edges. Our street is not necessarily the safest at night, so a bit of precaution is never a bad thing.
Our home is located in one of the hottest neighborhoods in the country, West Oakland. Long a hidden gem, people are starting to discover what makes West Oakland so unique and desirable: large residential homes with VERY easy access to the entire Bay Area - SF's core, Oakland's most happening bars/restaurants, Berkeley's unique charm, the island of Alameda and all parts in between. Our home is located on the Oakland/Emeryville border, right near the heart of the Maze. Highly walkable neighborhood - 15-20 minute walk to Emeryville's Bay Street, Oakland's Temescal and Uptown neighborhoods; 25-30 minute walk to Jack London Square and Lake Merritt. Yet it's still just a 15 minute drive into downtown SF, so you essentially enjoy the best of all worlds in West Oakland. Restaurants, Bars and Retail options ABOUND within a short walk or a VERY short drive from our home. Just a few of our recommendations include: *Restaurants: Drake's Dealership (brewery/beer garden); Lost & Found (family-friend
The neighborhood has been rapidly changing for the last 5 years. Many new restaurants have popped up in the area. The building is 2 blocks from the famous "first fridays" in Oakland which is a street fair with food and art vendors which occurs the first friday of every month. There are tons of great restaurants in the area. This neighborhood is in between West Oakland, Uptown district and Temescal so it is a five minute drive from Lake Meritt, Lakeshore, Piedmont, Rockridge, Downtown, Old Oakland in which you can take a cab, Uber or Lyft ride close by for $5-10. It is walking distance to the uptown district which has dozens of great restaurants and the famous Paramount and Fox theatres. The Parkway Movie theatre is a 10-15 minute walk or 5 minute drive, also in the uptown district.  There is a corner store that has basic food supplies if needed. San Francisco is a 10 minute bart ride away or a 15 min drive. There can be crime in the area so be aware of your surroundings. I have never e
The neighborhood is vibrant and ethnically and economically diverse, close to telegraph / downtown oakland nightlife, the Fox Theatre, dining options and BART public transit to Berkeley and downtown San Francisco. As in many urban neighborhoods, there are some issues with homelessness and poverty that may be visible, as in many urban environments.  I have lived here for years and never had a problem with crime here, and I'm confident you likely won't either when obeying proper awareness of street safety (paying attention to your surroundings instead of your cell phone, avoiding empty alleys, etc).
The neighborhood is vibrant and ethnically and economically diverse, close to telegraph / downtown oakland nightlife, the Fox Theatre, dining options and BART. As in many urban neighborhoods, there are some issues with homelessness and poverty that may be visible, as in many urban environments.  I have lived here for years and never had a problem with crime here, and I'm confident you likely won't either when obeying proper awareness of street safety (paying attention to your surroundings instead of your cell phone, avoiding empty alleys, etc).
This is a quiet, safe neighborhood that's a short walk from MacArthur BART. You can also walk to the bustling Uptown area or bike to beautiful Lake Merritt. Oakland is an up and coming city – and while charming, still has its quirks. The area has character so enjoy it in all its authenticity – including saying hello to the occasional vagabond tramping through the streets.
Very close to SF and easy access to public transportation. Centrally located to the whole bay area.
We've been in this neighborhood over 6 years now. It's urban and gritty and real life. Oakland is Oakland - beautiful and a struggle. This is a mostly residential space but everything is a five minute drive or a 20 minute walk to all of the city food and hipster bars you could ever want!
that its close to everything!