Amazing food, great bars, close to china town, lake Merritt, the Oakland museum, and BART.
Close to BART and Lake Merritt.  Walking distance to downtown Oakland.  Easy transportation options to San Francisco.  2 small corner grocery stores right across the street with all the essentials, and larger grocery stores within a 20 minute walk.  Really safe, day or night, well-lit, well-traveled so there's always people walking around.  No problem walking to and from BART even up until 2am.  
Diverse community and great neighbors
Downtown/Uptown Oakland and Lake Merritt have seen a great resurgence in the past 10 years. It is home to some of the best and innovative restaurants, hip bars, cafes, art galleries and other creative spaces. At walking distance you have:  --three farmer's markets --Chinatown's great restaurants --Lake Merritt, home of the nation's oldest bird sanctuary, plus its 3.5 mile walking/running path --the Oakland Museum of California with its pop-up food truck and music/dancing in the evening once a week --Jack London Square with its marina, high end eateries and shopping --Every kind of restaurant you can think of: New Californian, Bistros, Pizza, Cajun, Thai, Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, Italian, Japanese, Mexican, Fusion, Ethiopian, Indian, as well as Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, etc.  --Diverse and active community of residents.
It is a very international neighborhood, nearby restaurants include: Thai, Vietnamese, Senegalese, Afghani, Peruvian, Mexican, Chinese, Indian, Pakistani, Japanese, Mediterranean.....etc. Art Murmur every 1st friday an absolute must. I try to never miss a month because its so worth it.  Food truck central and music at the Oakland Museum every Friday night - 4 blocks away.  There ia a great health food store right across the street that is open from 8 to 10 every day! One time I walked it at 9pm not knowing if they had what i felt like having...and they did! Mangosteen and passion fruit juice!  This is pretty much the protest capital of the country and this neighborhood is the center of those marches. Helicopters and protest signs are almost every other month. Great way to see the diaspora of Oakland.
It is close to everything. You can walk everywhere!
Location comes with a walk score of 94.  Located one block from the historical Lake Merritt which offers a well lit 3.5 mile recreational trial around the perimeter.  Nightlife of Telegraph/Broadway within six blocks.  Two fine dining restaurants, dry cleaning, bodega, coffee shops, and fast casuals within two blocks!  In addition to the best of Oakland, you can be in San Francisco or Berkeley within 20 minutes of leaving our doorstep via BART.
Looking for things to do in Oakland? Try taking a walk around Lake Merritt and down Grand Avenue.  Or check out Jack London Square, also within walking distance. If you're here to see San Francisco, it's all just a quick BART ride away!
Lots of restaurants, bars and shopping!
Nicely situated around the corner from scenic Lake Merritt, in a residential apartment-building neighborhood close to Oakland's downtown.
The location is amazing--you're walking distance (about 4-5 blocks) from both 12th Street and 19th Street BART stations; only 2 blocks from beautiful Lake Merritt; and only a few blocks from great restaurants and bars in downtown Oakland.  Even though it's close to everything, the neighborhood itself is pretty quiet.
The location is fantastic!  The apartment is downtown so the area is full of eateries, bars, restaurants (Thai, Afghanistan, Chinese, Greek, pizza) and cafes.   On the weekends, its a vibrant atmosphere and all of Oakland's city events - First Friday, farmer's market, bike party - are close by and The Fox and Paramount theatre are within walking distance.  A few blocks to the right are parks and lovely Lake Merritt, which is always full of people walking/jogging (it's 3.4 miles to go around the lake).
Walking distance to some of the best cafe's, restaurants and bars in the East Bay such as Bay Leaf, Enssaro Restaurant, Lake Chalet, SideBar, Bar 389 and Boot and Shoe Restaurant as well as the Lake Merritt Boat house.  Perfect location for exploring the best neighborhood in Oakland or the Bay Area.