Its beautiful, very easy access to everything you need and you can walk anywhere.
Lake Merritt has many recreational activities and fantastic people and bird watching.  It is a scenic 5K (3 mile) jog around the lake with kayakers, paddleboats, gondolas, egrets and herons out on the water.  Friday nights the Oakland Museum has free music, dancing, and gourmet street food with many of Oakland's diverse food trucks.  On Saturdays a 15-minute stroll takes you to one of the largest farmer's markets around.  And in a one block radius of our home there is a beer garden/gourmet restaurant, Louisiana crawfish, fantastic Vietnamese sandwiches, very good coffee, and a taco truck that unites all of Oakland's citizens.
Lake Merritt in Oakland, California, is one of the most unique urban spaces in the United States.  Its 3.4 mile heart-shaped shoreline in the center of a very diverse city is the place for man and nature to migrate, meet and mingle daily. There are coffee shops plenty of restaurants as well as shopping and farmers markets all within walking distance of the apartment
Lake Merritt is a focal point, it stands as the jewel of Oakland, even crowned with lights. A unique fresh and salt-water lake, the largest such lake located within an urban area consisting of 3.4 miles around the circumference of the lake, covering 155 acres of land. With adjacent and nearby parks and amenities to enjoy such as Snow Park where you may play several rounds of golf, walk or jog up and down the Cleveland Cascades, play a set of tennis at the Athol Tennis Courts, rent pedalboats at the Lake Merritt Boating Center, read a book from the Lakeview Library, or bring your magical keys to enjoy a whole new world at Children's Fairyland ~ the fun begins here.
Luckys, Walgreens, and a neighborhood favorite laundry/cafe just across the street. Recommend Portal if you love a good ol' brunch overlooking the lake from their outdoor patio, (5 min walk). Then take a stroll at Lake Merritt, 2 blocks away. Saturday Farmers Market at Lake Park Ave (10 min walk).
The Saturday market in Oakland is awesome, tons of fresh fruits, veggies and other finds. The Star restaurant has great pizza, including gluten free!
The neighborhood is anchored by beautiful Lake Merritt, with a walking/biking trail around the Lake, and only a 10min walk to Lake Merritt BART, with 2 stops to SF, and access to all over the Bay. There are several delicious restaurants and stores closeby, including dock-side dining on Lake Merritt (10min walk), a delicious local gastropub, a Vietnamese community and food, bars. The Oakland Museum of California is a great museum only a 5min walk away.  Coffee shop around the corner (but coffee maker included in room), grocery store & Walgreens 5min walk, Laundromat across the street. Lake Merritt has a beautiful trail around it, small boats for rents for $10-12/hr, sailing, and a gondola boat (like Venice) where someone will poll you and your special guest around the Lake.  It is a quick walk/bike to downtown Oakland, with lots of restaurants, bars, more fun stuff to do, and a vibrant weekend scene.  The neighborhood is flat, making it easy to bike & walk everywhere.
We are 3 blocks away from Lake Merritt, within walking distance to downtown Oakland and an Uber/Lyft/ Bus trip away from Alameda. >10 miles away from Oakland Airport and >2 miles away from the Jack London Square Amtrak. Half a mile away from the Lake Merritt Bart station which can easily get you to/from Oakland Airport (and SFO if you're up for the trip), the Coliseum/ Oracle Arena, and downtown San Francisco within a half hour door to door.