Close to lovely Montclair Village and College Ave in Rockridge. The neighborhood is very quiet, scenic, and full of trees. This getaway is very close to some of the best hiking, biking and walking trails in the Bay Area.  Nearby are miles of beautiful trails in the East Bay Parks network with easy access to popular cycling roads along the ridge line.  The Montclair Village grocery stores, shops and restaurants are down Snake Rd at the bottom of the hill and UC Berkeley is about 5 miles away.   Montclair Village has great dining options. Take in a game at and eat delish grub at Crogans Montclair Restaurant. Fuel up for a day of sight seeing at Montclair Egg Shop.    Close by College Ave in Rockridge is full of restaurants and boutique shops. Jack London Square is only a short drive away.  Visit San Francisco, the city by the bay, only a 20 minute drive across the Bay Bridge.
Experience restaurants, boutique and coffee shops, movie theaters, bookstores, and a cheese and wine shop located in Montclair Village and nearby Rockridge, Piedmont Avenue, Jack London Square, and Temescal. Grocery stores are near.
If you're interested in site seeing while you're here, feel free to let me know if you need anything. If you're new to the area, I have a great tour that I'd be happy to share the guided (website hidden)  maps route as well as a description of the locations. Also, just let me know and I'll email it to you. Our neighborhood is beautiful and safe.  We're on the hill giving us sun and fresh air. The deck and jacuzzi are great places to have a glass of wine or read! The sunsets are magnificent!  Restaurants  Piedmont Ave has a number of restaurants as does College Ave. Places I'd recommend in the area are : - Camino - California cuisine  - The Star on Grand - Pizza  - Dopo - Italian  - Bar Cesar - Mexican  - Riva Cucina - Italian - a little further but worth the drive!!
Montclair Village es un barrio muy  tranquilo y reconocido por su conveniente ubicación para los amantes de la vida natural e inclusive ofrece una de las vista mas hermosas del area de la bahía, a solo unas cuantas cuadras de nuestra casa. Sera sin lugar a dudas una experiencia inolvidable.
Montclair Village is a charming neighborhood. There are lots of coffee houses, shops and restaurants that are great for both adults and kids. Our favorite places are Nelly's Java (for coffee) and Kakui (for sushi). The kids love Tutti Frutti (for Bubble Tea) and Yogofina. There's a great farmer's market on Sunday mornings that has everything from raw oysters to crepes.
Montclair is a beautiful neighborhood up in the Oakland Hills with beautiful views and trails.
Montclair is a great safe area in Oakland with a number of coffee shops, restaurants and local stores.  Within minutes, you can be anywhere in Oakland or San Francisco.
Montclair is a small enclave located in the Oakland hills. We are within a 5-10 minute drive to great restaurants along College Ave, Piedmont Ave, Grand Ave, Lakeshore Ave. and Jack London Square. There new hip bars and restaurants along Broadway and in the Temescal neighborhood as well. UC Berkeley campus in 15 minutes away.  Downtown Oakland has some of the best restaurants in California, not to mention a downtown lake, complete with gondolas and a running path. Lake Temescal with its sweet swimming beach, walking paths and fishing spots. We are within minutes of many other amazing hiking, biking, and riding trails in Redwood Regional Parks. Most importantly, there is easy access to the highway, and you can drive to San Francisco in less that 20 minutes, honestly! (w/o traffic). For baseball fans, the SF Giants are 25 minutes away by car, BART, or Ferry. The Ferry drops you off at Center Field before the game and picks you up 20 min. after. The Oakland Coliseum, home of the fabulous 
Montclair village is within waking distance.  It is a quaint commercial area with 2-3 coffee shops, 8-9 restaurants, 3-4 bank branches/ ATM, 2 drug stores, 2 grocery stores, 2 yogurt stores, ample parking, etc.
Named for the oak trees that once lined its streets, Oakland is to San Francisco what Brooklyn is to Manhattan.  Oakland is undergoing a renaissance fueled by a constant flow of newcomers and a thriving arts and restaurant scene.  A few of the many areas of interest include a renovated downtown area, the waterfront around Jack London square, Temescal and Rockridge.  Montclair itself is a enclave located in the Oakland hills.  While still close to the action, the peaceful wooded hills make you feel miles away.  In addition to the local scene, downtown San Francisco is just 15 miles away, and we're about an hour away from wine country in Napa Valley.
Peaceful!  Near parks, restaurants and shopping
Secluded feel yet easy access to town, grocery store and restaurants as well as the rest of oakland and SF. 
Very peaceful area in the middle of nature, walking distance to State parks and the best views of San Francisco and the Bay!    Our neighborhood is quiet and tightly knit.   We know most everyone and often get together for drinks, dinners and our favorite soup nights!  
We are available to show you  best places to hike nearby forest trails or walk the tree-lined trail to Montclair Village with cafes, restaurants, bakery, markets, pharmacies, post office, banks, and Sunday morning Farmer's Market. Deer and wild turkeys roam our street and adjoining property.
We are located in the neighborhood of Monclair found in the wooded hills of Oakland. We are a short jaunt to the Montclair shopping and restaurant district with easy driving access to Berkeley, Oakland, Mills College, California College of Art, Holy Names University and UC Berkeley. Thirty minutes from San Francisco. 10 minutes to Rockridge BART.
We are located in the peaceful Montclair Hills, with blooming gardens, many hiking and walking trails (off-leash for dogs), and breathtaking vistas of San Francisco, the Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay!
We are on a quiet, dead end street in a friendly neighborhood.  We are walking distance to restaurants, cafés, shops, book store, yoga studio, a library, local parks, AC transit bus line and year round farmer's market (@ LaSalle & Mountain Blvd on Sunday, 9am-1pm). We see deer and other wildlife from the house every day.  Local attractions:  California College of the Arts (2.8 mi.), UC Berkeley (4.6 mi.), Mills College (4.7 mi.), Redwood Regional Park (3 mi.), The Claremont Hotel and Spa (2.9 mi.), Lake Temescal (1.4 mi.), Downtown Oakland (4.5 mi.), Oakland Museum of CA (5 mi.), Jack London Square (6.3 mi.), San Francisco (13.5 mi.)