A five minute walk to Cool Parts of Broadway, College and Piedmont Avenue. This means easy walk to Hip Restaurants, Fine Coffee Houses, Trendy Night Spots, Awesome Pastry Shops, Famous "Market Hall" where good food, fine drinks, baked goodies are copious.  Great weather often brings amazing all day street fair with live music. Plethora of fine restaurants, ethnic eateries, food festivals, local pubs, chic lounges, fashionable shops are all nearby. Charming Rockridge Shopping District Offers a Magical Shopping Experience with Eclectic, Elegant boutiques, crafts, gifts & much more.. 
Everything... i can walk to College ave quickly for coffee and bookstores... and library and bart and be in downtown SF in 20 minutes. i can walk up the hill past Claremont Golf douse to Lake Temeschal, and into beautiful neighborhoods filled with incredible gardens and views of the bay.   i can get over to berkeley quickly for theater etc.   
It is uniquely  close to the heard of San Francisco. There are also wonderful restaurants, cafés, wine shops and bakeries within a minute walk. You are right next to College avenue which is vibrant and always animated. Also a public pool right around the corner, great hikes in the nearby mountains, tennis courts, etc. 
Location: Rockridge district of Oakland, San Francisco Bay Area, California  •Well Maintained Building with 24hr Security Controlled Access  •The 2nd Floor Unit of 3 story building  A five minute walk to Cool Parts of Broadway, College and Piedmont Avenue. This means easy walk to Hip Restaurants, Fine Coffee Houses, Trendy Night Spots, Awesome Pastry Shops, Famous "Market Hall" where good food, fine drinks, baked goodies are copious.
Some of my favorite businesses in the area: Rockridge Cafes Bittersweet Underwood Hudson Blue Bottle Rockridge Restaurants A16 A Cote Oliveto Cafe Ramen Shop Rockridge Cafe Trappist Wood Tavern Temescal Homeroom Hog's Apothecary Pizzaiolo Dona Tomas Temescal delis Genova Rockridge Wine Bar Barrel Room Rockridge Bars/Pubs McNally's Nick & Walt's Rockridge Shopping Center has a Safeway and a Starbucks Groceries/Prepared Foods Market Hall Temescal Alley Piedmont Avenue Restaurants Dopo Adesso Lococo Piedmont Avenue Cafes Gaylord's Peet's Starbucks
This tranquil lovely home is between Oakland's safest and most walkable neighborhoods:  Piedmont Ave:  - famous Fenton's creamery, La Farine bakery, great restaurants, shops, salons.  Grand Avenue: - shops and Restaurants, Morcom Rose Garden Rockridge - on the Oakland/Berkeley border. Restaurants and cafes, two bookstores, salons, gift shops, Trader Joe's market and Rockridge BART Temescal  - Burma Super Star, Tara's organic Ice Cream, Doughnut Dolly's, Bakesale Betty's
We are in Rockridge - a quiet residential neighborhood within easy walking distance to the lively College Avenue district with gourmet restaurants, cafés, fabulous bars, some of the city's best locally-owned shops, local produce, and a charming library.  Nearby find the Temescal and Piedmont Avenue districts with the best friend chicken sandwich, ice cream, thrift shops, a historic movie theater, and more delicious ethnic restaurants than you will have time to enjoy.   Safeway, Trader Joe's, Walgreens, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, and several banks are located nearby.   We are close to two weekend farmer's markets and a wide range of grocery options. We are a few blocks from California College of Art, 2 miles from UC Berkeley, and a 3 mile drive to Holy Names College.