5 minutes from downtown Oakland [by car] 20 minutes on foot 
5 minutes from downtown Oakland [car] 20 min on foot
Close to Downtown Oakland and Jack London Square, as well as the Bay Bridge. Short cab from many of Oakland's restaurants and bars. Close to Linden Street Brewery, FuseBox, Brown Sugar Kitchen, Salsipuedes and many more.
Close to Downtown/Uptown Oakland, Emeryville, and Jack London Square, as well as the Bay Bridge. Short cab from many of Oakland's restaurants and bars. Close to Linden Street Brewery, FuseBox, Brown Sugar Kitchen, and many other places.  2min walk to Lowell and DeFremery Park
Easy access to San Francisco, Berkeley, Lake Merritt Recreation Center, downtown Oakland restaurants, grocery stores, bakeries, cafes, and shopping.  Walk or bike to downtown.
Great location - less than 10 minutes from San Francisco, Berkeley and Alameda.  Great restaurants, live music bars, and the Lake Merritt recreational area are less than a mile from the apartment.  Walking distance to public transport, parks, biking, and swimming pool. You will enjoy your stay in this gorgeous Edwardian with all the conveniences of home.  Feel free to enjoy the spacious accommodations and the large, picturesque patio and yard.  Just minutes from San Francisco and Downtown Oakland.  Area is commonly called East San Francisco.
Historic Oakland near downtown This modern home is mixed with Victorian homes with the charm of old Oakland
I love how communal the neighborhood is. Great neighbors.
It is a historic area with many old grand houses.  the area is urban- its a city- so be aware and use common sense as in all urban areas- particularly around the West Oakland Bart station- but the neighborhood is pretty quiet, with families and churches.  at night I suggest an uber or lyft (taxi apps) from the station to the house- (a 4 min drive, costing approx 5-6$), or bikes are a great way to get around the bay area- available for hire locally.
It's a short drive/bike ride/walk to downtown Oakland.  West Oakland is full of grand old houses, and warehouse spaces with music and art events- and interesting art installations. It is an urban area, with urban issues, so it's good to be aware of your surroundings and avoid walking at night alone- but plenty of buses around and uber or lyft should you need transport.
Its a vibrant but urban area with artists and families- however there are bad spots as in many urban areas just to be upfront- so common sense a must- ie.  leave the iphones in your bag.  But mostly it's a quiet historical and friendly multi cultural neighborhood, lots of churches, famous for its jazz and blues music back in the day, and very near downtown Oakland with its thriving nightlife, restaurants, etc.  Also near lots of warehouse spaces with events. The area is known for its urban farms, so you may see a goat or two!-  We are one stop from downtown SF- you can leave here and be in SF in 15 min.  Again be aware at the West Oakland Bart station- I suggest Lyft or Uber (taxi app's) at night to get home- they are cheap ($5-7) and safe.
Located in downtown Oakland, yet quiet surroundings.  Discover the buzz that has invigorated Oakland's vibe. Downtown has burst onto the nightlife scene in a big way. Scores of new restaurants, clubs and venues have sprung up and more are on the way.
Our location is a unique, soon-to-be up and coming neighborhood. Although it may not be the place you head to for the party, it's the perfect place to come home to after the party. Our block is incredibly safe, friendly, sunny and quiet, We are within walking distance to: Kilovolt and Trouble Coffee, the Fusebox, Starline Social Club and West Oakland Bart. Downtown/Uptown Oakland, Jack London Square and Lake Merritt are a short bike trip or uber ride away! Downtown San Francisco is a 20 minute trip door-to -door!
We are situated in a mostly residential area, very close to two parks and only a few minutes from downtown Oakland.
We are very near vibrant downtown Oakland- with some of the bay area's and the countries best restaurants.  Its  a 15 min walk to downtown, and we are also near Jack London Square, Old Oakland, and Uptown.  We are also near the bart (a bit shady at night as many stations in SF and Oakland are, so i recommend a Lyft or Uber (taxi apps) or better yet hire a bike.)  We are one stop from San Francisco on the train, or there is a lovely ferry nearby also to SF.   West Oakland is a culturally and economically diverse community- we have everything from art warehouses, to beautiful large Victorians, to houses that need some love, to lofts, to the occasional homeless tent.  Its a city- and its urban- but most people are very friendly!  Street smarts/awareness are good.  But my neighborhood is a tight community with families, many who have been here for 30-50 years.  I love the area because people are friendly, its diverse- there are churches everywhere so you will hear some great singing on sun
We're located in West Oakland where the weather is sunny and fabulous most of the year. It's very conveniently located, just a few minutes to downtown Oakland or Jack London Square  and about 20 minutes to San Francisco or Berkeley. 
West Oakland is an historic and large and urban part of Oakland- very near downtown-  renowned for music with beautiful Victorian houses- it is home to many artists, families, churches, urban farms, etc.  It is a multi-cultural city. But it is urban- and has issues that come with urban areas.   Its gentrifying rapidly- so new things popping up all the time- and it is very convenient in terms of transport access whether by car, bike, on foot, or public transport.  I do recommend being aware in the area and not walking alone at night however as in many urban areas- particularly when at the West Oakland Bart station- located 8-10 away min on foot. At night, from the station, I recommend an Uber or Lyft (taxi app's)- they are very reasonable ($5-7).  there are tons of great spots to relax and eat and drink in downtown Oakland-  My favorites: Caffe 817 in Old Oakland (15 min walk), Bar 355 for the best Manhattan Cocktail, Tay Ho on 12th for Vietnamese food, and the beautiful Lake Merritt (a