Adams Point is a vibrant, diverse community, both urban and natural with the beauty of Lake Merritt, with its 5K walking, running path. Many shops, restaurants, beauty shops line Grand Ave. The art galleries, restaurants, and concert venues of Uptown are 4 blocks away. Farmer's market takes place on Sats, Jack London Square is 10 min drive, many parks in the Oakland hills 15  min drive.
Adams Point is an artsy neighborhood walking distance to MANY great restaurants, bars, coffee shops, yoga studios, bike shops, banks and churches.
Adams Point neighborhood is a very nice and convenient location, close to Lake Merritt, Whole Foods and many nearby restaurants on Grand Ave. with Lake Merritt Theater. It is considered a desireable area of Oakland.
Beautiful, quiet neighborhood walking distance to Lake Merritt, Grand avenue, bars and restaurants, downtown Oakland.
Filled with houses and apartment buildings. Energy tranquil around here. Close to everything by bike and car, and some by a good walk like Whole Foods and Lake Merritt.
Groceries You'll be within a 10-minute walk to Whole Foods (230 Bay Pl.). In addition, you'll be across the street from a Grocery Outlet and down the block from Sprouts Market and a liquor store that has an amazing selection of Belgian beers (at 29th and Broadway). Restaurants $Commonwealth Club (english pub) at 29th and Telegraph $Blackspring Coffee (coffee) on Telegraph between 29th and 30th $Ike's Place (sandwiches) on Broadway at Grand $Donut Savant (donuts and coffee) on Broadway between 19th and 20th. $$Umami Burger (burgers and bar) at Broadway and Grand $$ Luka's (bar, dinner, and nightclub) at Broadway and Grand $$Ensarro (Ethiopian) Grand at Perkins. $$Boot and Shoe Service (cafe, lunch, and dinner) at 3308 Grand, near MacArthur Blvd. $$$$Commis (10-course, prix fixe, delish) at 3859 Piedmont Ave. Attractions You'll be within walking distance from some awesome Oakland attractions. Within 5 min walk: Lake Merritt, where you can ride a Venetian-style gondola, take a 3.5 mile jo
Have you been wanting to check out Cat Cafe? Or, how about Drakes Dealership for a small bite and a Beer, Firebrand Bakery for coffee, and Calavera for dinner?  Or head the opposite direction and enjoy Commis!  These are all within walking distance, including Oakland's wonderful Lake Merritt!
I am sitting at my desk that looks out to a riot of trees and hearing the kids at the Lake Shore Middle School. There is a 7-11 within two blocks and and Whole Foods just across the street from that. And then there is Lake Merritt, just 3 blocks away and the jewel of  Oakland. It can be walked or strolled or just gazed at.
I live just  three blocks north of the Jewel of Oakland, Lake Merritt - a great 4 mile walk or run, and you can rent kayaks on the lake. If you are rower, you can drop in as a guest at the Lake Merritt Boat house, or eat/drink the the Lake Chalet
Lake Merritt, Adams Point neighborhood. Walking distance to Bart, Wholefoods, and Lake Merritt. The neighborhood is a mix of single family homes and apartment building.
Lake Merritt, Fairyland, diverse restaurants, running trails, Catholic Cathedral, BART and Whole Foods are all located within walking distance UC Berkeley is minutes away. I can recommend local restaurants.
Located between Adams Point and uptown Oakland, we are walking distance to a wide variety of restaurants, bars, movie theaters, music venues, grocery stores, and other attractions. We are about a 5 minute walk to Lake Merritt, which has a public-access boat house, beautiful lawns, and a 4.5 mile running/walking trail around it.
Lots of restaurants, BART train station within a 10 minute walk, multiple grocery stores, freeway access. A very walkable neighborhood.
Oakland, in the hub of the Bay Area, is both historic and modern. Visitors will find a little bit of everything in this diverse metropolis, from the picturesque waterfront to expansive hills. Explore Oakland's growing arts, entertainment and food scene or enjoy recreational opportunities like hiking, sailing and biking. Root for one of the three professional sports teams or take a tour of a historic landmark. The city is easily accessible through Oakland International Airport, train, automobile, BART, bus and ferry.
Our neighborhood is quiet with three large condominium buildings on the block and next door to large Mongolian Church that also serves as the Peace Center.  We are in a convenient neighborhood close to Wholefoods, wonderful discount grocer, walking distance from eateries, farmers market, pubs,  great eateries, restaurants, Art Murmur and galleries  and Oakland First Friday.  Bus and train (BART) nearby.    The district is Westlake neighborhood of Adams Point in Oakland, ideal location for professional and great for a Traveling Nurse.   Near Hospitals Kaiser, Summit and Children's Hospital, some offer free shuttles.
Safe, tree-filled neighborhood on a hill just above Lake Merritt. Family friendly.
The Adams Point neighborhood is a great location for your trip to the Bay. Not only is it walking distance to Lake Merritt where the entertainment and people-watching are at their best, but it is also close to great restaurants and trans-bay transportation. You're never too far from anything in this little neighborhood.
The neighborhood is very quiet and peaceful.
The street is very quiet with almost no traffic. I like to leave eggs from the chickens in my neighbors mailboxes. It's safe to walk around at night as people are often out walking around Lake Merritt which is a 5 minute walk away and around Whole Foods which is an organic grocery store which is also just a 5 minute walk from the Urban Beach House - open 8am - 10pm
The street is very quiet with almost no traffic. I like to leave eggs from the chickens in my neighbors mailboxes. It's safe to walk around at night as people are often out walking around Lake Merritt which is a 5 minute walk away and around Whole Foods which is an organic grocery store which is also just a 5 minute walk from the Urban Beach House open 8am - 10pm.
There is a Grocery Outlet, the Marshall or Ross of grocery across the street. There is a Whole Foods 4 blocks away, and, just a couple more blocks away you will find Lake Merritt, a beautiful lake and the pride of Oakland. Your car is safe on the street but do not leave visible objects in there - see instructions upon arrival.
This is possibly THE hottest neighborhood in Oakland right now.  You're two blocks from Whole Foods, four blocks from Lake Merritt, five blocks from Oakland Hub, within ten blocks of many of Oakland's hottest cafes, restaurants, and bars. 
We love the proximity to great restaurants, Whole Foods market, entertainment and transit options, while still feeling residential.
We love this neighborhood because it's a short walk to Whole Foods and Lake Merritt. There are a variety of great restaurants close. We feel secure in this neighborhood.