Great green and quiet,safe neighborhood close to  great places,  for dining, outdoor activities and entertainment.  Walking distance to high-end restaurants and casual dining, minutes to Claremont resort and Montclair village.  Minutes from Lake Merritt, Chabot Space & Science Center, Shepherd Canyon Park, Joaquin Miller Park, Oakland Museum,
I love this neighborhood because it is SUNNY, (much warmer than San Francisco) is centrally located to freeways, has quick access to shopping, great restaurants and groceries.  The neighbors are very friendly, lots of dog walking.
Local restaurants 5- 10 minute drive . Beautiful redwood trails for walking, hiking or biking. Several local parks with play areas for children.
Nearby is the picturesque township of Montclair which has some great little restaurants, a local chocolatier and plenty of other shops.  We are near many parks which include the Dimond Canyon Park, Joaquin Miller Park, and the Redwood Regional Park.  Also nearby is various places that could be of interest to you including the Chabot Space & Science Center, the Oakland LDS Temple, the Ascension Greek Orthodox Cathedral, and the Montclair Golf Course.
Oakmore is a safe, peaceful residential neighborhood in Oakland. It is close to highway 13, making commuting easy. The house backs up to green space, and we often see deer running through the back of our property. The house is a very short drive to the restaurants and shops on Park Street, and in Montclair Village. There is also a path at the end of our street that allows foot traffic to shortcut down to the intersection of Lincoln and Mountain Blvd.
Oakmore is an inviting residential neighborhood near the historic Leimert Bridge, Piedmont, Montclair Village, Glenview, and the Dimond District. Above Highway 580, and below Highway 13, there is easy freeway access to Oakland sites, San Francisco, Napa, Silicon Valley, and beyond.  To quote some guests: "The neighborhood is awesome. It's in the hills of Oakland, but feels more like Berkeley." "The surrounding neighborhood has sidewalks, rolling hills, and is absolutely exquisite."  Walk a few blocks to our local community Rocky's Market (here since 1961) for groceries, morning coffee, prepared breakfast and lunch, and a nice wine selection, as well as Redboy Pizza, 3 Seasons Thai Bistro restaurant, and a trailhead that connects to the East Bay Regional Park District trail system. Go down Park Blvd. to Glenview for a cafe, small grocery, and some outstanding restaurants. Alternatively, walk or drive down Fruitvale Ave. (steep) less than a mile to the Dimond District for cafes, bakeries
Our home is located in the "Upper Oakmore" district of Oakland, a neighborhood of unique, individually designed and built homes dating from the early thirties. It is situated along and above Sausol Creek Park and within walking distance from it. From the Park, a hiker can access the entire East Bay Regional Park system. We are also within walking distance of the Glenview District with local restaurants and shops.   More extensive shopping and restaurant possibilities are available in the Montclair Village and the Lakeshore Districts of Oakland, within a five minute drive.
Quiet residential neighborhood minutes away from shopping essentials and restaurants.
Safe and quite
The Oakmore neighborhood in Oakland Hills is very nice with beautiful homes and views. The place is located on a quiet cul-de-sac with very little traffic except locals walking their dogs. Montclair Village is a few minutes drive away. Easy access to Interstate 580, Highway 13, and Highway 24 make it easy to go anywhere in the Bay Area.
The Wrenn House is located in the beautiful and quiet Upper Oakmore neighborhood in the Oakland Hills, with fantastic views of the San Francisco Bay.
The home is in a quiet, safe, family neighborhood in the Oakmore area of Oakland, with close access to Bart and casual carpool to San Francisco, major freeway entrances (580 and 13) as well as shopping. 10 Mins to a Bart Station and 20-30 mins to SF, depending on traffic.  Organic grocery,  French Bakery and Peets coffee are within walking distance. Montclair Village and Glenview just minutes away, for shops and dining.
The immediate neighborhood (the Dimond District) is residential, quiet and very friendly. You can walk to an incredible selection of restaurants from gourmet Italian to brunch spots, Japanese, Indian food, and Chinese, as well as several coffiee shops and one of the greatest bakeries in the Bay Area. Dimond Park's swimming pool, tennis courts and creek trail are just across the street. You're also a stone's throw to the heart of the Dimond District with it's shopping, banks, library and post office. The great restaurants, movie theatres, farmer's markets and shopping of the nearby neighborhoods of Montclair, Piedmont, Downtown Oakland, Glenview, Temescal, Grand Ave., Lake Merritt and Rockridge are all just minutes away. Oakland has much warmer weather than San Francisco, and has a huge amount of parkland, beautiful neighborhoods, big trees and diverse culture. If you've never had a chance to explore the East Bay Hills, you'll be amazed at the incredible outdoor spaces we have. From the
This Spanish Revival home is located in the friendly Oakmore Neighborhood in the Oakland Hills with attractive and architecturally diverse homes. It is near Piedmont, Glenview (1-mile, 20-minute walk), Montclair Village (1.5-miles, 30-minute walk), and Lakeshore Ave. (2.3-miles, 1-hour walk). All feature shopping, restaurants and other services. A small neighborhood grocery, Rocky's Market, is a 5-minute walk from the house. The nearest comfort food is Red Boy Pizza!
This is a quiet, serene residential neighborhood. Our home backs up to a green space and we often see deer and wild turkeys running around in the back.
This neighborhood is the quietest, peaceful place I have ever lived! It is so lovely. We are very close to everything, but not so close to the bustle that you hear/feel it. We are a 7 minute drive to Lake Merrit with a plethora of restaurants, gyms, the lake to jog around, coffee shops, stores, etc. We are 2 minutes from Park Ave strip which has some lovely shops and restaurants as well. There are hiking trails 5 minutes walk from here, which is absolutely lovely. Or you can drive 5 minutes or more to several other expansive hiking trails. Our neighborhood has wonderful views of the bay, and that means sunset too!
Three to 5 minute drive to anything and everything, highways 1 minute away, SF 15-20 minutes away, and yet it feels like it's far far away, tucked into a remote canyon with true quiet. Everyone who visits comments on this incredible, seemingly impossible, combination. 
We live in a quiet neighborhood close just below a regional Redwood park (with old growth redwood trees) and only a 5 minute walk away. Our neighbors are all long-time neighbors. They are friendly and helpful. Easy freeway access.
We're less than 5 minutes walk from Dimond Park with its lovely heated outdoor swimming pool, public tennis courts, and hiking trails along a creek up into the hills. The house is a 10 minute walk from the Dimond District, which has two supermarkets, a great bakery, restaurants, 2 friendly cafes and a library.
You will be sure to love your stay here..  This is such a cute and safe neighborhood with lots of restaurants and cafes close by !  There's a small family owned organic market one block away !!  It's really nice to have down the street!