Friendly and social neighborhood. Lots of kids playing outdoors, in yards and on the street during the weekends. 
It's a quiet safe place
It's not the prettiest neighborhood in Oakland, but we are proud to call it home. 
My neighborhood is friendly, quiet, and diverse. We are located close to the Bay Bridge, the AMC movie theatre, Bay Street Shopping Plaza,  several restaurants, and public transit.
North Oakland is a vibrant community, I can guide you to a lot of restaurants, bars and fun things to do in Oakland and Berkeley. Murmur, the local artwalk, happens the first Friday of every month, and there are plenty of restaurants downtown (MUA, Duende, Flora, Plum, Umami Burger, and bars, walking distance from my house there is Townhouse, Prizefighter, or Honor bar, or in Temescal, you'll find Pizzaiolo, Burma Superstar, etc., I'm not too far from College ave or Piedmont ave either).
Our neighborhood is called NOBE. Where Berkeley, Emeryville and Oakland meet. It's trendy, transitional and we love our neighborhood for the diversity.
Our neighborhood is often called "NOBE," or  North Oakland, Berkeley, Emeryville. It is right on the border of these three zip codes and very close to the Bay Bridge for an easy drive into the city. The street is a mix of apartment buildings, houses and an elementary school, and is blocks away from restaurants, cafes, and stores. Aside from school pick up times, there is always plenty of parking but, the neighborhood has a distinctly urban feel.
Paradise Park and The Golden Gate district are a wonderful blend of history and hip. Just off of Alcatraz Avenue, which is named since you can see the Island from it, the district is alive with new businesses, cafes and a neighborhood group of artists and residents who support one another.
Restaurants and cafes within walking distance. Grab a morning coffee at Actual Cafe, have lunch at Victory Burger, get your desert from James and Giant Cupcake, and then head over the Moxy for Truffle Fries and a never ending list of beers on tap.  Oakland is a culturally and socioeconomically diverse neighborhood. While we love living here, if you are looking for a sterile McMansion type neighborhood, you may not appreciate our neighborhood.
The Neighborhood Our home is in the Golden Gate Neighborhood - sometimes called Paradise Park.  It's on the Oakland/Berkeley/Emeryville border.  Sunny and friendly, I've been here for 11 years and I've always felt at home.  My neighbors have front yards with vegetable beds or native plants or golf-course quality grass or just weeds (sorry, that's me, but I do mow them so they kinda look like grass from far away).  It's a really nice place to walk on your way to the coolest and grooviest cafes in Oakland.  Or Starbucks.  As for restaurants, we have everything from a vegan breakfast diner to the old standby MacDonald's.  We even have Karakoke.  Aptly named “Paradise Park," our neighborhood is magical.  Great weather, friendly people and a good vibe of respect. 
The area is up-and-coming with development merging from nearby Emeryville, with walkable dining, cafes, entertainment and shopping. Diverse, urban, with beautiful older homes and new live/work developments. Its a changing young hipster and older family area with great neighbors, art galleries, knitting shop, urban re-use store, coffeehouses, new cool restaurants. Sustainability-minded, beekeeping and chicken-coop-hosting locals. Urbanly renewing, sometimes gritty, always interesting.  The former Key Line (passenger trains to SF) travelled along adjacent streets before freeways were expanded, and the gardens of older homes here were often used to grow produce for sale at farmer's markets in the early 1900's. Originally settled by large numbers of immigrants (many of Italian and Portuguese descent), the area was originally named "Klinkerville" after an early developer. It is now generally referred to as  the Santa Fe or Golden Gate District (we're on the cusp of both), and newly-named 'N
The neighborhood is the intersection of 3 cities.  Oakland, Berkeley, and Emeryville.  In walking distance there are several good cafes on the main street (Tribu Cafe is my favorite) , and excellent Mexican cuisine (Jalapeño, and Los Moles).  There are a few nearby parks for recreation, San Pablo Park being the biggest, with basketball courts, tennis courts and soccer fields.  Most our neighbors are very friendly, so expect warm smiles and welcome hellos  :)
We have a coffee shop and hamburger spot just a couple of blocks away and several restaurants also within a mile.