Amazing Area!!  lake merritt you can paddle boat. The Rose Garden off Grand ave is lovely with a bottle of wine at dusk!
Beautifully kept neighborhood with access to many boutiques and restaurants, alongside historic movie theater and famous Fenton's Ice Creamery. Walking distance to rose garden, sport courts and Lake Merritt. Easy access to East Bay Regional Parks makes this a perfect spot for anyone visiting the Bay Area.  
Central, close to shops, restaurants and transit, friendly, pleasant!
Charming, quaint, friendly.  Walkable, adorable houses, tree-lined streets, close to so many shops and restaurants, even a movie theatre!  Nice friendly space, nice friendly neighborhood.
Five minute walk to Piedmont Avenue's hip restaurants and cafes that range from casual to upscale, or catch a movie at the local movie theater, peruse boutiques and other specialty shops. Piedmont grocery also conveniently located. Grand lake area and Lake Merritt 15-minute walk, 5-minute drive. Easy freeway access. Casual carpool pick-up is a 2-minute walk away. Hiking and biking friendly and a lovely neighborhood all around!
Great walking neighborhood! Walk to restaurants, movie theater, grocery store, dry cleaner, shops and more 3 blocks away. 20 minute/ 0.5 mile walk to commuter train that gets you to downtown San Francisco in 20 minutes. 3 miles from U.C. Berkeley.
Ideal location: Nestled at the end of a wide, quiet cul-de-sac, the house is in the coveted Piedmont Avenue neighborhood, with easy access and proximity to SF. Literally blocks from dozens of independent and trendy boutiques, restaurants, wine shops, cafes, spas, yoga studios, and more. Award-winning Dopo restaurant is only one block away, Michelen-star-rated Commis is a six-minute walk, and the historic Piedmont movie theater is four blocks away. Many more suggestions are listed in the guest guidebook. During the day, the neighborhood is abuzz with people, walking their dogs, riding bikes, window shopping, jogging. At night, the neighborhood is extremely quiet and peaceful. If you're not already familiar with Piedmont Avenue, you're in for a real treat: on this popular "destination" street, there is no shortage of cafes, amazing restaurants of every cuisine, wine shops, clothing boutiques, bookstores, and more. All extremely walkable from the house. When you're ready for a little vari
It's a very central location - minutes away from Temescal, Lake Merritt, Rockridge, and Berkeley. I love living in one of the few 'destination' areas of Oakland, that also has lovely side streets for taking a stroll. I walk or run to a nearby beautiful cemetery park that is open to the public and has wonderful views of the Bay and different parts of Oakland. It's a great sunset watching spot. The Grand Lake area - including the weekend farmers market - is also within walking distance (or there's a bus) if you like to walk. 
Located 1/2 block off charming neighborhood with excellent restaurants - including one with a Michelin Star - bookstores, coffee shops, movie theatre, gym and yoga studios and wonderful shopping.  The Avenue also has a several grocery and drug stores.
Lovely residential area - unusual combination of quiet, yet close to commercial amenities (on Piedmont Ave). Also just 2 blocks from huge gorgeous cemetery with views of the bay - great for walks, picnics, and bike rides. Walking distance to College Ave, Grand Ave/Lake Merritt (and Lake Merritt farmers market).  2+ blocks from great restaurants, cafes, movie theatre, grocery shopping, etc.  Oakland has great weather year-round (it is one of the most temperate climates in the world) and it is a central, convenient base for exploring San Francisco, the Bay Area and Northern California. Spend the day exploring, yet come back to a peaceful setting that makes you truly feel like you are on vacation.
Lovely restaurants and stores on Piedmont Avenue, just four blocks from the studio, along with places to exercise including yoga, pilates and the Barr Method as well as spas. We are also close to the Rockridge/College Avenue Business and Restaurant District.
My neighborhood is full of trees, is very safe, and is close to all of the best aspects of Oakland.  It is near BART and downtown and it is also near the hills for hiking.  The temperature is perfect and there are lots of trees that create a relaxing environment.
Oakland is listed as one of the 10 most exciting cities!  Copy this link to read up: (URL HIDDEN)  San Francisco is amazing to experience, but don't let SF overshadow the beauty of Oakland.  My place really puts you in the middle of it all, it's safe, it's convenient and you're going to feel comfortable, I have no doubt.  There are friendly people out here, the weekends are a great time to be out both in the day time and night, keep to the popular spots. I am happy to say, as a young woman living in Oakland for over 5 years now, I've always felt safe at my location.
Oakland. As some are saying the New Brooklyn. It is home to a new surge of creatives, innovators, entrepreneurs, activists, foodies, booming new businesses, and so much more. It's a stone's throw away from San Francisco, has more sunshine and overall better weather than you could find just across the bridge, with the BART transit system built to keep us connected to the parts of our city both in the East Bay and across the waters. 
Oakland. As some are saying the New Brooklyn. It is home to a new surge of creatives, innovators, entrepreneurs, activists, foodies, booming new businesses, great hubs and spaces for art, creative innovations, and so much more. It's a stone's throw away from San Francisco, with more sunshine, warmer weather, rising Art scene, great foodie digs, all on this side of the bridge. Your BART and bus transit system are built to keep you easily connected to both the our East Bay and the San Francisco City sides of the Bay Area.
Our house is a half a block off Piedmont Ave, one of the best shopping districts in Oakland and high walkability score of 93 out of 100! Sample from the famous Fenton's ice cream parlor, Piedmont Landmark movie theater, unique gift and clothing shops, hot tubs and massages, plus highly rated restaurants and cafes.  La Farine makes a great baguette and pastries. Geta is known for its sushi.  And if you've forgotten something for dinner, Piedmont Grocery is just up the "Ave." 
Our house is located in the Piedmont Ave neighborhood, just two blocks from Temescal, so you get the best of the two hottest neighborhoods in North Oakland. After living in the area for the past six years, we can personally attest to how amazing it is! Our block and the surrounding streets are all very family-friendly, and you can walk to anything you need, including tons of wonderful restaurants, hip shops, a local grocery store, drug store, bank, post office, and seriously anything you might imagine needing or wanting.  A few of our favorite local restaurants on Piedmont Ave (within walking distance): *Lo Coco's - fresh homemade pasta, great authentic home-style Italian *Dopo - a bit on the fancier side, more modern Italian-New American fare *Kronner Burger - hipster hot-spot with decadent burgers and awesome cocktails *Crush - juice bar with super fresh veggie-fruit smoothies *Fenton's - the happiest place on earth and the institution of the neighborhood, this retro ice creamery and
Our place is in one of the greatest areas in East Bay. We are conveniently situated one block from Piedmont Ave, and 15 min walk to College Ave with tons of great restaurants and bars. In addition, Temescal is about 1 mile and a very quick bike ride (Bakesale Betty and other great restaurants), and Grand Lake is 1.5 miles (fantastic farmers market on Saturdays). It is easy to get downtown or into the city with the BART stations close by. All of these are a 20 minute walk or 10 minute bike ride. I would write tons more but you can check the Walk Scores! ((website hidden)_Avenue)  Piedmont: 97  College/Alcatraz: 91  Temescal: 90  Grand Lake: 83
Piedmont Ave. is perhaps the most fun, most adorable neighborhood in all of Oakland. Great coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and shopping, sit right outside our front door. Quiet neighborhood with a lot of character.
Piedmont Avenue has terrific restaurants, markets, shops, and bars. It's also fun to walk up the avenue to the end of the street and up to the picturesque and historic Mountain View Cemetery with views of the entire Bay Area. My neighbors are lovely and sweet, and we all live quite close, so please keep a mellow profile and observe typical quiet rules of a sweet, residential neighborhood. No partiers, please! And no smoking cigarettes.
Piedmont Avenue is a vibrant neighborhood with wonderful restaurants, cafés and lovely shops. The apartment is located less than a mile from Whole Foods and Lake Merritt, and a short walk to the Grand Lake district.
Piedmont Avenue is great! Friendly, walkable, with plenty of shops and cafes with a neighborhood feel.  (URL HIDDEN)
Piedmont Avenue is the most walkable neighborhood in Oakland. Everything is convenient: restaurants, bars, coffee shops, boutiques, and even a shoe cobbler. We are also a 12-15 minute walk (depending on your speed) to the MacArthur BART station. On the BART it's 15-20 minutes to downtown San Francisco, 30 minutes to OAK airport, and 45 minutes to SFO airport.
Piedmont Avenue with a wide range of restaurants and creative gift shops is a comfortable walk away.
Piedmont Avenue, College Avenue plus the up-and-coming Temescal neighborhood are all within a 5 - 20 minute walk of my home where you will find numerous restaurants, coffee shops, other specialty stores, as well as Trader Joe's and Safeway. On Sunday's you can enjoy the Claremont Avenue, year-round farmers market which is only a 15 minute walk. There are many beautiful parks nearby where you can hike and enjoy unbelievable views of the bay, bridges, San Francisco, Berkeley, and Oakland hills.
Prime location near downtown Oakland. Close proximity to a variety of restaurants and grocery stores. Easy access to major freeways and public transportation. Bus stop directly across the street, and the Bart station is less than one mile away.
The Piedmont Avenue neighborhood is vibrant and lively, with lots of cafes, restaurants, and shops.
The house is just blocks away from the renowned Piedmont Avenue with great shops, restaurants, bars, cafes and movie theater.  There is also a very beautiful large park/cemetery less than 10 minutes walking distance with wild turkeys, deer and great sweeping views of the Bay and San Francisco.  More parks including large natural redwood forests are less than 20 minutes drive.  (We love taking our kids there and going on long hikes...!)
The studio is at the intersection of the Piedmont Ave. district and the Temescal neighborhood of Oakland.  The studio is walking distance to Blue Bottle Coffee, Piedmont Ave. Market and restaurants of all sorts.
There is so much to love about this neighborhood! We are a 5 minute walk from wonderful cafes and boutique clothing/homewares and grocery stores on Piedmont Ave. Rockridge and the Lakeshore district are a 10 minute bike ride or short car ride away. Numerous farmers' markets are within the same radius. Don't miss the fabulous Chapel of the Chimes and beautiful Mountainview Cemetery which are a 2 minute walk away.
This house is in a great location, walking distance to many amenities including Piedmont Natural Foods, Cafe Trieste, Peets, Cato's Ale House, commis, Bar Cesar and Fentons.  Bike ride or walk you dog around the gorgeous Columbarium. 5 minutes to Berkeley.
This house is located in a sweet spot between many great places. A 5 minute walk... to Piedmont Avenue with many fantastic restaurants, boutique shopping, an artsy movie theater, groceries, pharmacies and the Kaiser Oakland Hospital. At the end is the Mountain View Cemetery, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted (who also designed Central Park and so many other parks around the country). Pro Tip: the cemetery is a great place to run. In a different direction, walk to the Oakland Rose Garden. A 5 minute drive... to Rockridge shopping and dining, the Grand Lake Theater and Lake Merritt for walking, boating and sailboat rentals. A 20 minute drive... to San Francisco, depending on traffic.
This is the greatest neighborhood!  Walking distance 1/4 mile to Piedmont Avenue features fabulous restaurants, close to Linda dog park and kids playgrounds.  On the border of Piedmont and Oakland, if you like to walk around and explore on foot - you'll love it.  Check out Cato's Ale House, Cesar, Homestead, Posh Bagel, Peet's, Starbucks, Piedmont Grocer and PIedmont Theater x from my favorite, Lush Gelato!  Nail salons galore and the famous Fenton's Ice Cream Parlor.  Piedmont Dog Park is an off leash unique park for kids and picnics as well as dogs!  Check out Mulberry's across the street for snacks and throw a blanket on the lawn for you and your guests including dogs!  Tennis courts and play structure are also features of Piedmont Park.  The most AWESOME hiking trails (dog friendly off leash) are a 15 min drive away with spectacular views of the bay area.  Cool and shaded on hot days.
This is the most beautiful tree-lined neighborhood filled with beautiful homes and wonderful neighbors.  Piedmont is a very upscale, safe, friendly area.  Home is conveniently located very near Piedmont Ave where there are restaurants, shops, and convenience markets.
Walk to the happening Temescal or Piedmont Avenue areas of Oakland which is home to some of the best restaurants and shops in the East Bay. Clubs and more restaurants are just a mile or so down Broadway into "Uptown" location of the famous Paramount Theatre! Or travel north into the Rockridge District of North Oakland.
Walk to the happening Temescal or Piedmont Avenue areas of Oakland which is home to some of the best restaurants and shops in the East Bay. Clubs and more restaurants are just a mile or so down Broadway into "Uptown" location of the famous Paramount Theatre! Or travel north into the Rockridge District of North Oakland. 
Walking distance to everything. Piedmont Movie Theater and Piedmont Grocery Store around the corner. Many restaurants (Michelin Star rated Commis, Dopo, BayWolf, Lo Coco's, Adesso, among others), bars (Cato's which serves Pliny the Elder!), cafes, and vintage/antique shopping. Fenton's Creamery is only a few blocks away.
Walking score of 98 and easy walk to charming Piedmont Ave and hip Grand Lake neighborhood.  Quick 20 minute walk to Lake Meritt and the MacArthur BART. Also 3 min walk to the beautiful Morcom Rose Garden. See 7x7 Magazine's Neighborhood Guides: * What to Do on Piedmont Ave, Oakland * What to Do in Grand Lake, Oakland
With a walk score of 92 (on a scale of 100), this is really an ideal location: The house is nestled at the end of a wide, quiet cul-de-sac, in the coveted Piedmont Avenue neighborhood. We're literally half a block from dozens of really great restaurants, cafes, boutiques, and shops. Don't miss award-winning Dopo restaurant (only one block away!) and the historic Piedmont movie theater. Many more suggestions are listed in the guest guidebook. If you're not already familiar with Piedmont Avenue, you're in for a real treat: on this uber-popular "destination" street, there is no shortage of cafes, amazing restaurants of every cuisine, wine shops, clothing boutiques, bookstores, and more. All extremely walkable from the house. When you're ready for a little variety, you're less than five minutes by bike or car to Temescal, Rockridge, or Grand Lake neighborhoods, and less than 10 minutes to Uptown or Old Town Oakland. During the day, the neighborhood is abuzz with people: walking dogs, ridin
great neighborhood, grocery shopping very close by, restaurants, movie theater, bus ,BART nearby
one block to Piedmont Ave.  Good markets , restaurants , movie theater, Kaiser Hospital nearby ,  many services.  Great walking neighborhood.  15 minute walk to BART. Easy freeway access to San Francisco and the Silicon Valley.  1 hour to Napa Valley 1 hour to Sacramento