Montclair Village, about 1.5 miles away, has cafes, restaurants, coffee shops, grocery stores and pharmacies as well as a fabulous farmers' market on Sundays.
Montclair is a little quaint village in the Oakland hills and has all of the necessities you might need during your stay. In addition to two grocery stores and convenience/drug stores there are wonderful coffee shops and cafes. The village is about a 10 minute walk from the studio (via streets and a community path) and there is an amazing farmer's market each Sunday 9am-1pm. The modern studio is located just 5 minutes from over 50 miles of hiking and biking trails in both the Redwood and Joaquin Miller Regional parks. Just ask us and we can give you our favorite routes.
Our neighborhood is located in the Piedmont pines with countless hikes and trails with panoramic views of San Francisco and the beautiful bay.
Quiet and exclusive residential neighborhood in the hills with shops, restaurants and grocery stores about a mile away in Montclair Village. Shops include Peet's, Starbucks, 2 supermarkets and pharmacies as well as a small department store. Various artisan restaurants and eateries as well as a great Farmer's market on Sundays. There is also a library and toy shop.
Redwood Regional Parks is steps from our home..
There isn't a more beautiful place than the hills filled with our beloved redwood trees,and California oaks, surrounded by regional park systems loaded with endless trails and views over the San Francisco Bay Holy Names,Mills College, Merritt College, CCA, UC Berkeley,Kaiser Hospital/Oakland, Alta Bates Summit Hospitals etc. only minutes away.
This neighborhood offers the best of both worlds - you can look out the window and see San Francisco yet walk across the street and feel like you are in the wilderness.  Just 2 miles away (a 5 min drive) is the charming village of Montclair, which has great coffee houses, restaurants, retail shops, a playground, public library and a Farmer's Market every Sunday.  
Wake up to the sound of bird calls. You may see the stout squirrels playing in the tree branches outside your window.  When you take walks along the plush hillside lining the neighborhood you may find yourself sharing the path with deer.  Just a 5 minute drive down the hills is Montclair Village where you can enjoy a plethora of local restaurants that include breakfast dining, Greek, Japanese, Indian & Mexican cuisine or simply hearty pizza just to name a few.  Take delight in the Local Sunday farmers market or grocery store if you prefer.  There is even a place to pamper yourself with a calming massage or pedicure. Downtown Oakland featuring Jack London Square also offers a variety of dining from well known seafood restaurants to the popular chicken and waffles restaurant.  From downtown one can also take ferry rides into SF or enjoy events at the Paramount theatre.
We live in a tree house about 5 minutes up hill from the village of Montclair. We are minutes away from amazing parks, trails and hikes but car distance to any stores, restaurants and bars. This home exists in peaceful solitude - we get deer and turkey in the yard, the mornings are spent with the birds and trees, just the way we like it.