A transitioning neighborhood with underground art scene, West Oakland is  situated in the northwestern corner of Oakland, California, along the waterfront near the Port of Oakland and the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge.
Accessibility to BART,  San Francisco, Kilowatt Coffee and Brown Sugar Kitchen
Convenient access to the city via BART; quiet, mellow, good to come back to after a long day/night
Historic, quiet with a diverse group of families proud to call this area of an up and coming, new gentrification in W Oakland...home.   And, the arts, jazz, R&B and all various forms of music that was part of Oakland's historic signature are still alive and well.   With artist communities sprinkled throughout as well as large companies like Pixar and Peet's Coffee making Oakland their home too, the revitalization is well entrenched.  And while embracing her future has a graceful nod to the past, remaining true to the culture that make Oakland rich and alive.
If you are coming to Oakland for work or pleasure you probably already know that it's a happening city. West Oakland is an old part of town (our house was built in 1897) and there are lots of fabulous old victorian houses in the neighborhood. We have a cafe on the corner (10th & Wood) and we are in easy walking distance of two really interesting  and delicious cafes (Trouble Coffee and Brown Sugar Kitchen). Downtown Oakland has an exciting art walk and street fair on the first Friday of every month and spectacular dining options, a classic art-deco movie palace (the Paramount Theater) and a vibrant waterfront.
Late night scrolls down Mandela Parkway late at night, the quick bart ride to Downtown Berkeley,  Downtown Oakland, and Downtown San Francisco, as well as experiencing the friendliness of my neighbors, makes my loft ideal.
Nearby, walking distance restaurants include Brown Sugar Kitchen (renowned soul food), Trouble Coffee (the hippest coffee joint around), Kilovolt Coffee (similar to Starbucks with free WiFi), Pretty Lady Cafe (delicious, healthy breakfast with a spunky staff), and Mandela Foods Cooperative (local, fresh foods and groceries).
Neighborhood is full of families and young working professionals, please keep the noise down after 11pm. Kilovolt Coffee and Trouble coffee are very close by, Pretty Lady Diner is also near for a breakfast/brunch option. Bottoms Up is a very cool community garden that serves breakfast sandwiches and coffee as well. Theres a shopping center thats a 10 minute drive away where you can find: Trader Joes, Target, Ikea, Ross, and more.
Oakland has a lot to offer and has been turning around since SF is so overpriced it pushes all the younger generation and hipsters to this side of the bridge. The bridge is just over a mile from the house. Their is a awesome little cafe literally across the street (called 10th & Wood).
One of the oldest neighborhoods in Oakland, with historic Victorians that line the streets. Great weather (especially compared to San Francisco) and the neighborhood is quiet, flat streets (no hills at all) and easy to get around. On the corner is a phenomenal eatery that serves breakfast and lunch daily called 10th and Wood. Also  there is coin operated laundromat within walking distance (about 6 blocks) for guests planning a longer stay. Many nearby neighborhoods have shops, restaurants and bars that rival the variety and amazing quality of San Francisco, but at a fraction of the cost!
People talk to one another.  There is lots of public art, interesting murals and sculptures.  There is also a lot of graffiti. The neighborhood does not have a ton of amenities, and the grocery store is only open 10-4 on weekends.  There is a cafe two blocks away
Please make sure to read about Oakland, West Oakland and the process the City is living at this moment. The neighborhood can be rough for some people, but I have lived in West Oakland for over 8 years and never had a problem.  I am from Mexico City and I see living in Oakland like living in any other big city in the world, I take the same precautions here. I live alone in my flat with my cat Teodora and know all my neighbors.  The flat is on the ground level and sometimes at night when is quiet, people's noise can be more notisable. The bedroom has a window that is on the street level and my landlord just place a sensor light right outside, so that it will detect any movement.
Quiet and strong community presence. Bay Street is less than 5 minutes away.
The house is in the middle of the historic Lower Bottoms neighborhood with neighborhood cafes within close proximity.  It's mostly a quiet, residential area that is within a stones throw of most of Oakland's main commercial areas.
The neighborhood is West Oakland it's known to be a little bit hard. i'll be honest I feel 100% safe lived there for six years as a woman never have had one problem. I would probably take uber or taxi from Bart home at night . daytime is absolutely fine.
The neighborhood is developing so there aren't a ton of amenities, but there is a small grocery and a couple of restaurants.  People tend toward friendly. There is lots of graffiti. Mostly my guests stay here because it's so close to San Francisco without SF prices.
The neighborhood is in a historic district with beautiful Victorian homes that are over 100 years old. It's close to the BART train and most major freeways. The weather is generally warm and pleasant.
The neighborhood is very residential with many families who are long term residence. It is very rich in culture and history -- and was once booming with jazz musicians at a number of local clubs (unfortunately they no longer exist). We have a couple coffee shops & cafes in walking distance.
The rapidly changing neighborhood is mostly quiet, sometimes lively, mostly families, with lots of artists and new homeowners moving into the area. As for the concerns of safety in the neighborhood, like all urban environments, if you put your street smarts on you should have no problem.  New cafes are always popping up and community gardens are sprouting up everywhere on empty lots which is the hallmark of Oakland's progressiveness. There is a well stocked community grocery called Mandela Foods around the corner with many locally grown organic food options. Along with the many newly constructed artist lofts, huge warehouses are being converted into artist work spaces as well.    
This Neighborhood is one of Oakland's oldest neighborhoods. This neighborhood was a huge influence in Oakland's Civil rights movement and was home to a booming Art,Jazz, and Blues scene. It's very diverse and filled with beautiful Victorian Houses. There are lots of graffiti murals and little cafes and restaurants close by. It is the first BART stop from the city.
This is Oakland, and this is definitely an up and coming neighborhood.  The street is nice and all the neighbors are friendly and know us.  That being said, stumbling around drunk in the middle of the night with your cell phone hanging out of your pocket might not be the best idea.  If you are smart and aware you should be fine.  Bart is only a few blocks away so its easy to get to other parts of the Bay. West Oakland is an eclectic and transitioning residential neighborhood. Historically, the area has been home to predominantly working class residents and recently has been undergoing a strong gentrification. The area is gaining in popularity due to its artistic vibe and close proximity to SF.  Guests should be aware that the area is still transitioning and should use travelers street smarts. While the area is generally safe, late night strolls are not encouraged.  
This is Oakland, and this is definitely an up and coming neighborhood. That being said, stumbling around drunk in the middle of the night with your cell phone hanging out of your pocket might not be the best idea. If you are smart and aware you should be fine. Bart is only a few blocks away so its easy to get to other parts of the Bay. West Oakland is an eclectic and transitioning residential neighborhood. Historically, the area has been home to predominantly working class residents and recently has been undergoing a strong gentrification. The area is gaining in popularity due to its artistic vibe and close proximity to SF. There are several artist co-ops and warehouses in the area.
This is West Oakland. It's a neighborhood known as the Lower Bottoms. I've loved this city for nine years, and this neighborhood for nearly four. The neighbors on my street are very friendly. I moved here looking for space to grow, community to live with, and to be somewhere grounded and unpretentious. On property, my sister lives across the yard, and I have friends upstairs. We moved here together.  This is an under-appreciated neighborhood in Oakland, with a long history of neglect. There is a Black community here that has called this place home for generations. It was once a thriving cultural center ocassionally referred to as the "Harlem of the West", and this part of Oakland was home and host to several influential musicians, who would play at venues on Seventh Street. The Black Panthers are part of this neighborhood's heritage. I did not grow up here, but I have a great deal of pride in my heart for history this place carries, and I am supportive of the community here.  If you se
This is an upcoming neighborhood.  Historically it has been a rough neighborhood.  In the past 3 years, Victorians are getting renovated on every street and professionals love the easy commute to San Francisco and Oakland'd downtown.  Within minutes are famous restaurants, waterside walks, downtown shopping and famous music venues.
West Oakland is a historic neighborhood rooted in Oakland's industrial and jazz days and the Black Panther movement; our neighborhood is populated with long time residents, families as well as new comers(like artists and techies) We like to support the local grocer Mandela Food Co-op across from the Bart station. Brown Sugar Kitchen is an awesome brunch spot with beignets, waffles, grits, etc.; and, our all time favorite neighborhood breakfast spot, The Pretty Lady, where breakfast runs under $7.   By the port of Oakland, there's a new walkway and bike path along on the new Bay bridge, which runs alongside the old Bay bridge.  Entrance is free to the public and the walk path closes at 9pm.  We encourage visitors to check it out! Also close by the house is the downtown, uptown, northern sections of Oakland and Piedmont with art galleries, bars, restaurants, farmers markets, as well as the opportunity to walk our beautiful Lake Merritt (a 3.2 lake) in the middle of Oakland. Jack London S
West Oakland is a historic neighborhood rooted in Oakland's industrial and jazz days and the Black Panther movement; our neighborhood is populated with long time residents, families as well as new comers(like artists and techies) We like to support the local grocer Mandela Food Co-op across from the Bart station. Brown Sugar Kitchen is an awesome brunch spot with beignets, waffles, grits, etc.; and, our all time favorite neighborhood breakfast spot, The Pretty Lady, where breakfast runs under $7. By the port of Oakland, there's a new walkway and bike path along on the new Bay bridge, which runs alongside the old Bay bridge. Entrance is free to the public and the walk path closes at 9pm. We encourage visitors to check it out! Also close by the house is the downtown, uptown, northern sections of Oakland and Piedmont with art galleries, bars, restaurants, farmers markets, as well as the opportunity to walk our beautiful Lake Merritt (a 3.2 lake) in the middle of Oakland. Jack London Squar
West Oakland is an eclectic mix of urban and artists, with Victorians homes, warehouses, liquor stores, industrial complexes, and community gardens all jumbled together.  Affordable West Oakland is becoming a cool Victorian-Meets-Industrial district thanks to it's proximity to thriving Uptown Oakland, as well as San Francisco and Emeryville.  It's at the nexus of every freeway so it makes a perfect jumping off point for Bay Area exploration, and is well served by local entrepreneurs who are reviving the area with new eateries, coop grocery stores, community gardens and warehouse conversion developments.  Bonus: It's usually 10-15 degrees warmer here than anywhere else in the Bay Area.
West Oakland is an eclectic mix of urban and artists, with Victorians homes, warehouses, liquor stores, industrial complexes, and community gardens all jumbled together. Affordable West Oakland is becoming a cool Victorian-Meets-Industrial district thanks to it's proximity to thriving Uptown Oakland, as well as San Francisco and Emeryville. It's at the nexus of every freeway so it makes a perfect jumping off point for Bay Area exploration, and is well served by local entrepreneurs who are reviving the area with new eateries, coop grocery stores, community gardens and warehouse conversion developments. Bonus: It's usually 10-15 degrees warmer here than anywhere else in the Bay Area.
West Oakland is open and sunny.  Its convenient to everything.  
West Oakland is the new Downtown San Francisco.
West Oakland is to San Francisco, as Brooklyn is to New York- except it hasn't gotten quite as trendy (yet).  Besides the centrality (2 blocks form the most convenient BART (subway) station that is the connecting point of ALL bart train directions- 10 min to SF, and 5 min to downtown Oakalnd)- its also a beautiful, charming, and diverse neighborhood, with everything you could need in a 5-15 min walk. Groceries, coffee shop and cute restaurants. This area has a very rich history, and is in a constant state of change. If your interested in current political and economic conditions, I would be happy to talk about what I know, and how the tech boom in SF has changed this landscape for better and worse. West Oakland is one of my absolute favorite neighborhoods though. It mixes a gritty and diverse urban feel with a quiet and family-oriented neighborhood. The beautifully restored 100+ year old victorian lined streets is a favorite feature of mine. It is not, however, the suburbs. If you need
With the rising cost of living in San Francisco, my neighborhood is quickly changing.  San Francisco ex-pats are moving in, and a lot of construction is taking off.  This will soon be one of the great neighborhoods of the bay area.