"Situated along the scenic Oakland/Alameda estuary, Jack London Square is a vibrant destination in Oakland bringing together dining, retail, recreation and exciting events year-round. From lively summer night markets and outdoor movies to kayaking and bicycling along the waterfront, the verve and energy of Jack London Square make it a travel destination for individuals from all over the Bay Area and beyond. Stroll, walk, run or bike the waterfront walkways and peaceful park-like areas; and meet, greet, sip, chat, or just relax and enjoy the waterfront view."(from (URL HIDDEN)
From Farmers Market in Jack London to picnics at Lake Merit, Oakland has a lot to offer. Check out some amazing craft brew beer pubs or catch a show at the fox theater. If that's not your cup of chai, Oakland is also foodie central from gourmet Mac cheese to fancy ass tacos. If you want to unwind, check out spirits row in Alameda.
Jack London Loft/Warehouse district
Jack London Square is a convenient location to all the bay has to offer! The ferry to San Francisco is a short 3 block walk, BART is 5 blocks away and you are an easy 20 minute drive to SF. You are located right on the water so easy access to paddle board, kayak and boat rentals. JLS has an up and coming restaurant and bar scene, home to several local breweries and pubs. This apartment is only one block away from  Heinhold's Saloon, Forge and Rosenblum Winery along with many other great spots to eat, drink, dance and have a lovely time! There is a shuttle 2 blocks away that runs every 15 minutes up and down Broadway (Oakland's main thoroughfare) so you have access to all that Downtown Oakland has to offer as well.
Jack London Square is a convenient location to all the bay has to offer! The ferry to San Francisco is a short 3 block walk, BART is 5 blocks away and you are an easy 20 minute drive to SF. You are located right on the water so easy access to paddle board, kayak and boat rentals. JLS has an up and coming restaurant and bar scene, home to several local breweries and pubs. This apartment is only one block away from Heinhold's Saloon, Forge and Rosenblum Winery along with many other great spots to eat, drink, dance and have a lovely time! There is a shuttle 2 blocks away that runs every 15 minutes up and down Broadway (Oakland's main thoroughfare) so you have access to all that Downtown Oakland has to offer as well.
Jack London Square is a great location. It is warm and sunny within walking distance to some great bars and restaurants. It is few blocks from the Ferry or the Bart which can take you into San Francisco!
Jack London Square is a great location. It is warm and sunny within walking distance to some great restaurants. It is a few blocks from the Ferry or the Bart which can take you into San Francisco faster than driving into the city and park.
Lots of restaurants and bars within waking distance. Great farmers market mere steps away on Sunday's. Kayaking and sailing is available just outside on the dock.
More restaurants than you will have time to visit! Transportation is extremely convenient.
One makes friends easily around here. It's kind of ridiculous but true. Public transport - BART, ferry, AC Transit stops all over the place, Amtrak, FREE Broadway shuttle. Super fast to get to the Oakland Airport. Super cool neighborhood with cooler residents. (You'll always find someone to chat you up at Heinhold's Saloon!!) Amazing restaurants with friendly service. Oh and the water… sigh… being down there is a great reset button for me after working in a crazy ICU. (I don't live in this unit. Just rent it out.)  There's always something fun going on the weekends. Sunday = farmer's market. Saturdays = some festival or maker's market.  
Safe, quiet, clean.
The Jack London Square area of Oakland is in my opinion the nicest area of the San Francisco Bay Area. It's warm, sunny, beautiful and modern. It's much cleaner, safer and quieter than practically any area of San Francisco. There is a promenade along the waterfront with great restaurants and bars. Farmers market on Sundays, movie theater, and many more amenities.