First off we have great neighbors. We live up in the hills with a nice view and very close to many hiking and biking trails.
Lovely, safe residential area of Redwood Heights, near 13 freeway, Mills College, Holy Names University, grocery stores, Redwood Park, Chabot Science Center, Skyline Hiking and much more!
Oakland is an incredibly diverse city with many flavors and our neighborhood has its own unique appeal.
Redwood Heights and the Laurel District are two of the many culturally diverse neighborhoods in California. It's situated on the foot of the Oakland hills, Mills College and Holy Names University with easy freeway access. Coffee shops, restaurants, a Planet Fitness gym, and a boutique popcorn store are available within a 15 minute walk.
Redwood Heights is a quiet, safe, residential neighborhood centrally located in Oakland, as well as the greater Bay Area.  Our street has a calm, almost woodsy feel, but is just minutes from all Oakland has to offer.  If you happen to have kids, Avenue Terrace Playground is always a hit and is a couple of blocks from our home.  Great hiking and biking can be found just up the hill in Joaquin Miller Park and Redwood Regional Park. Montclair Village is two miles away with shops, restaurants, and an excellent Sunday farmers market.  Continuing past Montclair will take you to Rockridge, Temescal and Berkeley.  Lake Merritt is four miles away.  Just beyond the lake are Uptown, Downtown, Old Oakland and Jack London Square.  The diverse and eclectic Laurel shopping district is one mile away from our home. San Francisco is 13 miles away.  Silicon Valley, Marin, and Napa are all within easy driving distance.  Slightly further afield you have Monterey, Yosemite, Tahoe... and the number of reason
The photo of the skyline was taken by me, from the hills view outside the loft driveway. very quite, 360 degree view of the bay area, watch the planes landed and take-off from both airports," breath taken" you be the judge,
There are some good eats nearby such as a new Sequoia Diner for breakfast or lunch; World Grounds Cafe for coffee and good sandwiches; for a take out with good home made grub Comunite Table; and other local favorites- Ventian for Thai or Phnom Penh; For Pizza-Fist of Flour or Redboy Pizza. Nama--Japanese Farmer Joes--a natural grocery is 3 blocks from us and Safeway is a half mile. The cottage is surrounded by the beautiful Oakland Hills and Redwood Park (among others). A real treat for those who love great hiking, picnicking or just a relaxing visit. We are located 20 minutes (by car) from Oakland airport, Coliseum and Arena. We are also located 20 minutes (by car and no traffic!) from downtown San Francisco. Berkeley is just 10 minutes from here and the new hip downtown Oakland is just 5-7 min. Where to go first? The cottage is nestled between Mills College (check out the beautiful campus), Holy Names University, and Merrit College.
This is a friendly family neighborhood filled with kids, dogs and long-time residents. We love the neighborhood playground and the park-like feel of the wooded views. It is close to all major transportation needs and minutes away from the best hiking in the Oakland hills!
This is a quiet and friendly neighborhood. There is interesting landscaping and it's a good neighborhood for walks. Super easy parking and freeway access...
We are in the lovely and safe residential area of Redwood Heights near Mills College, Holy Names University and Montclair Village.  Our location has plenty of safe off-street parking with no parking restrictions. We are about a 10 minute drive to the Oakland Airport and we have all major bus lines a block away from our home.  Grand Lake theater, shopping & restaurants about 5 minutes away.  Super easy to get to SF, Downtown Oakland, baseball & basketball games, hiking trails, Redwood Park, Temescal Lake & restaurant row.  Let me know your specific interests and I would be happy to plan an activities list for you!
We are just at the foothills of the Oakland Hills very close to the Redwood Heights neighborhood.  Quiet friendly neighborhood with amazing views from the top of our street's hill.  We are minutes from Redwood Regional Park where you will think you are hours from civilization.  We are less than a mile from Mills College.