Adeline bakery, east creole, hoi paloi brewery, coffee collective, Tuesday farmers market, ashby flea market, giin thai...the list goes on!
Conveniently located steps away from Lois the Pie Queen and Sweet Adeline Bakery. Walking distance to Berkeley Bowl, Adeline Yoga and Wat Mongkolratanaram Thai Buddhist Temple with its Sunday Brunch. Quick drive or short cycle to Whole Foods, Telegraph Ave in Temescal and University of California at Berkeley downtown campus.
Just down the street, Earthly Coffee, It's All Good Bakery, and Ovo Tavern provide easy (and delicious!) eating options. The Emmeryville Pak 'n Save (grocery store) is only 0.9miles away (also with Ikea, Target, Nordstrom Rack, etc). Rockridge, Elmwood, and Berkeley are a quick bike ride away - for excellent walking and window shopping. And Tilden Park (in the hills) provides beautiful hikes and amazing views of the city.
Located right at border of Berkeley and Emeryville. Close to either Ashby or MacArthur BART stations. Close to freeway access and Bay Bridge.
Lovely neighbors and pleasant area to walk around. Minutes to Temescal walking.
My neighborhood North Oakalnd (Sante Fe District) is central to many happening areas of town: Temescal, Rockridge, Lake Merritt, Berkeley.   You can walk to a farmer's market on Tuesdays, and a few other cafes and restaurants.  There are numerous other areas to explore within 15-20 minutes walk or 2-5 minute drive.  Ashby BART is about 12 min. walk away. Great freeway access to all major FWYs. Easy bus or 30 minute walk to UC Berkeley campus.
NOBE: The North Oakland/Berkeley/Emeryville is a culturally diverse, walkable neighborhood home to a mix of professionals, hipsters and families.
Now given the real estate term NOBE (North Oakland, Berkeley, Emeryville), this location is central to many local restaurants, bars, and other attractions. We  are located on/at the Berkeley / Emeryville  boarder. Close to downtown Emeryville / Bay Street  out door shopping mall. Minutes  away from  Pixar Animation  studio A short distance to U C  Berkeley  The neighborhood has some very cool eclectic bars and restaurants /mom and pop shops. A little flare for the hipster millennials and generation X er. The gentrification of our neighborhood is refreshing. Check out phat beets farmers market on Saturday.s only. Wolf hound bar , Honor restaurant and bar, Rudy can't fail cafe, The town house restaurant, Rotton City pizza.  Downtown Emeryville. We are very close to bay bridge and short drive to  SF financial district  just 6 miles away across the bay bridge. 10-15 minute drive when light traffic  walking distance to Ashby Bart station 0.8 miles . Trans bay bus  1 block from house.
Our apartment is a quick walk to neighborhood cafes and restaurants, Ashby BART station, and bus lines. One mile from the heart of Temescal, three miles from Downtown Oakland, and two miles from UC Berkeley.
Our home is conveniently located at the intersection of south Berkeley, Emeryville and the north Oakland/Temescal area.
Our home is walkable to the trendy Temescal neighborhood in North Oakland, and easily accessible to Downtown Berkeley and Downtown Oakland.  We are also close to highways 580 and 24, and Ashby BART.  The Berkeley Farmer's Market is about 4 blocks away on Tuesday afternoons from 2-6:30pm.  Accessible to Bay St Shopping and movies in Emeryville, 40th st. shopping complex and IKEA.
Our neighborhood has a very diverse mix of residents and is within walking distance of the Temescal district and a short drive or bus ride to Emeryville and Berkeley. North Oakland is an awesome area with cute shops, wonderful restaurants and its proximity to the San Francisco is awesome. As with any neighborhood or city you are unfamiliar with, be aware of your surroundings and don't leave valuables in plain sight. I do not recommend walking home from MacArthur BART after dark, instead walk from Ashby BART, or take a cab or bus from either station.
Our neighborhood is filled with friendly people and is quite diverse. There are families with young kids, artists, twenty-somethings, and folks that have lived here for 30+ years. It is not uncommon to hear the clucking of chickens, violin playing, as you walk through the quiet streets. The main corridor, Adeline Street, is being revitalized at a fast pace. Literally ten new restaurants and cafes have opened in the past year.
Quiet. Nice for walking or biking around. Decent restaurants in the neighborhood as well as nearby downtown Berkeley or Rockridge/Elmwood and has the wonderful Berkeley Bowl West/East supermarkets close by. 
Santa Fe is a thriving neighborhood with lots of history and is surrounded by Longfellow, Temescal, Golden Gate, and Bushrod in Oakland  as well as the Lorin District in Berkeley.
The Oakland neighborhood of Temescal features many excellent restaurants and cafes. 
The house is in a great neighborhood in Temescal where there are lots of amazing places to eat and I hope you'll enjoy it there! This is an up and coming, trendy neighborhood. Airbnb restricts website links, but I can send you information on the official Temescal District website, an article on "Temescal District a Hip Haven" on SF Gate, or "The North Oakland area of Temescal has become a yupster magnet" on the Wall Street Journal.
The house is located on a Bicycle Boulevard in a quiet, set-apart, family-oriented neighborhood that is undergoing something of a renaissance. Take a stroll down the block to see babies and families walking, workers, loiterers, commuters, kids, and teens on bikes, and varied and interesting gardens, all enjoying the sunshine (or fog.) Historic Oakland residential neighborhood. The Tuesday Berkeley Farmers' Market is a 3-minute walk down the street. Sweet Adeline is a superior neighborhood bakery. NB This is a very typical urban neighborhood. Guests may or may not feel comfortable walking alone late at night. Also, the neighborhood is mainly residential and somewhat "off the beaten track" and may be better suited to car/cab/bicycle transportation than walking, although many guests have been very happy to get around by foot.
This residential area is comprised of (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)s housing stock and was the primary birthplace of the Black Panthers. It's a vibrant area with a varied mix of people. Although many amenities are walkable (including two gluten-free establishments!), it's more residential than commercial and not in the thick of all the things like downtown/uptown. You can walk to Temescal or Emeryville and are close to Berkeley. Oakland is...Oakland. Hide your valuables and mind your surroundings in all of the city.
This urban neighborhood is the perfect mixture of Oakland, and Berkeley; very diverse and close to the blossoming downtown Oakland art scene and also with easy access to UC Berkeley, downtown Berkeley, and the Farmers Markets.   
We are conveniently located in the Sante Fe district, one of the hottest and hippest zip codes in Oakland. Santa Fe is full of charm. Santa Fe is in Oakland, the 3rd largest city and urban area in the San Francisco Bay area. We are a diverse community full of families, working class, artists, hipsters, & working professionals. The area is also known as North Oakland, NOBE, Lower Temescal, Lower Rockridge and Emeryville. We are in the 94608 zip code.  Santa Fe is a changing and dynamic neighborhood. It is primarily a quiet family neighborhood, away from the busy and noisy Oakland downtown and the social atmosphere and shopping on College Avenue and Telegraph. While quiet, it has a hip culture of its own rooted in art and music. People come from all ethnicities, professions, walks of life and economic classes. It's full of historic Edwardian and 1920s Spanish style Arts and Crafts Movement houses.  Santa Fe retains the urban character that defines Oakland. While slowly gentrifying, our n
We are nearby to everything by foot, bike, vehicle or public transportation! It is only a 15 minute drive to downtown San Francisco, and 15 minute walk to the BART station. UC Berkeley campus, and downtown Berkeley, are 2 miles away. Plus we are conveniently located only 1 mile to Emeryville shopping centers. Telegragh Avenue is 1.5 miles away and hosts some great restaurants, Pizzaiolo, Dona Tomas, Burma Superstar, as well as a weekly Sunday farmers market. Berkeley Bowl and Wholefoods Market are within 2 miles.
We are right in the middle of 3 lovely neighborhoods, Temescal, Emeryville, and South Berkeley. 15 minute walk to all three! To get here, take the BART (the metro) to Ashby or MacArthur station. From there take a can or an Uber (a cheaper taxi app).
Where to begin... we LOVE our neighborhood!   We are in North Oakland, only blocks from Emeryville and Berkeley. FOOD:  The nearby Temescal neighborhood has endless choices.   Our favorites include Pizzaiolo for the best of Italian inspired California cuisine and Kushido for yakatori and a tremendous spectrum of flavors in their affordable and sharable small plates.  If you will be cooking in, Berkeley Bowl has an incredible selection produce, meats and cheeses that are both affordable and the highest quality.   DRINKS and ENTERTAINMENT:  Leo's music venue is walking distance, and (in my opinion) one of the greatest dive bars anywhere, The Kingfish, is also nearby.  We would be happy to point you to music venues, breweries, distilleries, and wineries in the East Bay and SF.   OUTDOORS:   Whether taking a short walk around the neighborhood, or renting a kayak in the estuary, we are avid outdoor adventurers, runners, and cyclists, and would be happy to help guide you to your interests.