-Beautiful neighborhood located on a quiet cul de sac -7 minute walk from parks and open spaces, including the 1,829 acre Redwood Regional Park that has groves of 150 ft tall redwood trees and is an awesome place for hiking, trail running, mountain biking, and picnicing -5 minute drive from Montclair village, which has grocery stores, restaurants, banks, etc.
A key amenity is close access to the Redwood Regional Park across the street at the cul-de-sac. In addition to a great forest of coast redwoods, the park's 1,830 acres also contain other evergreens, chaparral, and grasslands. Wildlife within the park includes rare species such as the golden eagle and Alameda striped racer. Deer, raccoons, rabbits, and squirrels are often seen. Pine Hills is a quiet neighborhood that is only 25 minutes to downtown San Francisco.
I love how quiet, and peaceful our place is even though we are so close to everything, from public transportation, to great restaurants, to SF, and to Berkeley. We are minutes from gorgeous walking trails, and you can hear birds and owls from our home. Our guests experience, a warm and inviting welcome, and a great place to call "home" while going on excursions in the Bay Area!
It it in a private, safe and quiet neighborhood!  You are welcome to hang out on the balcony at all times but low volume voices outside after 10pm to respect the neighbors.  It is still Oakland, I would not leave anything of value in the car parked outside but it is definitely the safest town in Oakland.
Montclair is a charming neighborhood tucked away in the Oakland Hills. We have a Safeway grocery store, Peets (and Starbucks) coffee shops, local mexican eateries, pubs and a farmers market on Sundays!
Montclair is a village in the Oakland hills and has all of the conveniences and amenities you might need during your visit.  In addition to two grocery stores and drug stores there are wonderful coffee shops and cafes.  The village is a 10 minute walk from the house but be aware that walking back home involves uphill walking!
Really nice and relaxing, quiet and friendly
Staying in the Oakland Hills is a unique experience. 500ft from the front door is a gorgeous hiking trail that takes you through the redwood forest and to a nearby botanical reserve. A 5 minute drive in any direction takes you to several more trailheads, including off-leash dog hikes, waterfalls, running trails, small ponds, and large lakes.  On weekends, the neighborhood becomes the central meeting spot for cyclists from all over the bay, who come to enjoy the greenery and the vistas, and often leave to ice their calves after the hilly incline. When you're ready to leave nature behind for a little bit, you can head down to Montclair Village in 5 minutes for some of Oakland's best shopping, eating and drinking or for the spectacular Farmer's Market each Sunday. Gas stations, grocery stores, pharmacies and banks are also conveniently smattered throughout. From there, you're in central Oakland and it's about a fifteen minute drive to anywhere - Berkeley, Rockridge, Temescal, Glenview, Gr
The Montclair District of Oakland is beautiful! Walk about 100 feet to enter the Redwood Regional Park. Go for a hike and enjoy the clean air and beautiful views!  Drive down the hill to Montclair Village for pizza, burgers, Mexican food, delicious breakfast, and/or cocktails.
The in-law apartment is located in Montclair hills, Oakland, surrounded by natural beauty. We are a 10-15 minute walk via the Shepherd Canyon Trail (a.k.a. Montclair Railroad Trail) or a 3-minutes drive to the heart of Montclair Village, where you will find cafes, restaurants, bookstores, pharmacies, groceries, a park, a Sunday Farmer's Market: open Sundays (9-1:00). Shepherd Canyon is a popular neighborhood trail, with a healthy mix of dog walkers, parents pushing strollers, cyclists, joggers and folks just out for a stroll. There are also a number of unpaved side trails for further exploring. Cyclists looking for a longer ride can continue on Shepherd Canyon Drive and connect with Skyline Boulevard, a popular on-road cycling route.
Wake up to the sound of bird calls.  Watch squirrels chatter along fences and trees.  When you take walks through the surrounding hills and lush forests, you may be joined by a deer or three.  Just a 5 minute drive down the hill is charming Montclair Village, where you can enjoy a variety of shops, restaurants, and a vibrant Sunday Farmer's Market.
You will find everything you need in Montclair Village, only minutes away. The Village has cafes, restaurants, bookstores, a public library, playground and a Farmer's Market on Sundays. It is a charming village surrounded by trees.  The restaurants include Italian, Japanese, California, French, and Mexican cuisine along with delis and excellent coffee shops like Peet's Coffee. There are two locally-owned bookstores, a tea shop that serves delicious teas from all over the world, veterinary clinic, post office, bistros, small department store, drug stores and two grocery stores. For more info visit (URL HIDDEN)  