Our street is quiet, tidy and filled with bougainvillea, yet we are in an urban area, so it is wise to use street smarts at all times. West Oakland is a super convenient location with easy access to San Francisco and all the East Bay.
South Prescott is a historic Oakland neighborhood. It was a bustling and booming area during the rise of the Southern Pacific Railroad when most of the original homes were built, between 1860 and 1895.  Now "the lower bottoms" as it is colloquially known, is a neighborhood in transition. It has become popular with commuters, hipsters and diverse families but is also home to struggling families and lower income residents. We live here with our 1 year old son, walk to and from Bart often, and around the neighborhood every evening. My husband commutes to the city by Bart, works late hours, often coming home after midnight and walks the 2 blocks home. We have always felt safe and confident.  This is an urban setting. You may hear noises from Bart tracks, the Oakland port shipments, and the hum of the freeway.  Our block is amazing. A motley assortment of old and new houses - as colorful as the Caribbean and New Orleans, great neighbors and lots of folks with dogs strolling down to the dog 
West Oakland is to San Francisco, as Brooklyn is to New York- except it hasn't gotten quite as trendy (yet).  Central Location: 2 blocks form the most convenient BART (subway) station that is the connecting point of ALL bart train directions- 10 min to SF, and 5 min to downtown Oakalnd. -Beautiful, charming, and diverse neighborhood. Gritty and urban but also very family-oriented with many beautifully restored victorian homes and community gardens.  -All essentials within in a 5 min walk- groceries, coffee shops, yoga studio, kick boxing studio. Several cute restaurants in a 10-20 min walk.  Great shopping and galleries in less than 10 min by car or bike.   -This area has a very rich history, and is in a constant state of change. If your interested in current political and economic conditions, I would be happy to talk about what I know and have experienced in the last 9 years. West Oakland is one of my absolute favorite neighborhoods though. It .  It mixes a gritty and diverse urban fe