Centrally located, walking distance to markets, boutiques, restaurants, parks and outdoor activities. Great neighborhood!
Great restaurants and bars in Temescal, and only a short 6 blocks to the BART and 15 minutes to SF.
Historic Temescal is the hottest up and coming neighborhood in the East Bay.  One block to everything. Many merchant sponsored events where folks flocks.  This is the eye of the storm.  First Fridays street party once a month.  Taste of Temescal where you go from cafe to cafe sampling.  In Summer on Thursday evenings free movies on the side of the bank - bring your folding chair and meet your neighbors. This is the Old Italian area of Oakland.
Home is smack dab right in the heart of Temescal, Oakland's cool blossoming neighborhood. With tons of great restaurants, shops and cafes just down the street--every month there seem to be new ones, covering a multitude of countries, Ethiopia, Mexico, India, Italy, Spain, Korea, Japan, Burma, Southern US all well represented--To name some you could look up: Pizzaiolo, Barlata, Burma Superstar, Beauty Bagels, La Calaca Loca, Juhu Beach, Aunt Mary's Cafe, Genova Delicatessen (since the '50s or more), Dolly's Doughnuts, Asmara (Ethiopian), Bakesale Betty's, Koryo Sushi, Tofu House...and then Peet's (URL HIDDEN) is a food lover's spot.
I love my neighborhood, and I'm sure you will too.  Minutes walk from: - Three major bus lines - Blue Bottle Cofee - Safeway and the Rockridge Shopping Center  We are a short walk from: -  Temescal Alley and the culinary delights of Telegraph Avenue including Burma Superstar - Sunday morning Temescal Farmer's Market - the charming boutiques and restaurants along College Avenue in Rockridge Best of all, we are less than a mile's walk to the entrance of Mountain View Cemetery, which offers spectacular views of the entire Bay Area and is one of the best places to watch the sunset.
It's the best in the Bay!  Walkable, convenient, central, full of restaurants, cafes, and beautiful people.  All the best and worst of gentrification happening before your very eyes.  Creative class-a-palooza.
Located in North Oakland in the heart of the Temescal district and close to Rockridge and Piedmont Avenues--many cafes and commercial districts. Easy off street parking.
Location, location, location! Nestled in the heart of the Piedmont Avenue neighborhood and a stones throw from hip Temescal.  (FYI the map has The Gem located on the incorrect side of Broadway - it's closer to Piedmont Avenue) And centrally located to almost anything you might want to do from Ocean to Forest, from Music to Theatre to Restaurant to Festival and everything in between. This unit is also just a few short blocks from Kaiser.  Piedmont Avenue boasts an incredible range of dining from Michelin star rated Commis to Barney's Burgers and everything in between, including Indian, Thai, Japanese, Ethiopian, Mexican, Italian, Asian Fusion, Fenton's Ice Cream Parlor (of "Up" fame), Lush Gelato (our favorite), La Farine Bakery and numerous coffee shops and all kinds of shopping, from groceries, to shoes, clothes, gifts and antiques. Get your nails done, go for a soak at Piedmont springs, do yoga, capioeria, work out, go to the movies, the sports bar, micro-brewery and on .... It's an 
Many restaurants, bars, cafes, and groceries stores walking distance away.
Oakland is known for its incredible food, if your a foodie, or just enjoy the roach coach options this neighborhood is right up your ally. You're in downtown Oakland in 15 minutes or San Francisco in 30. Enjoy lake Temescal or Merritt and bask in the glory of park relaxation. 
Oakland's Temescal district is just incredible. There are over two-dozen fantastic restaurants within walking distance (less than 6 blocks) of our home. Temescal Alley, recently featured in the NY Times travel section, is one block away. In addition to the food, there are great shops, bars, a Walgreens, a post office, and an amazing farmers market every Sunday.  We are also very close to other happening districts (Uptown, Rockridge), Berkeley, and the East Bay's incredible regional parks district.
Our condo is situated in an ideal location of Temescal with a walkability neighborhood score of 91! We are near plenty of restaurants, nightlife, and shops. Neighborhoods that you should also scout out during your stay are: Piedmont, Rockridge, and surrounding neighborhoods. We are also close to all of the easy access to hiking in the hills, parks, bike routes to Berkley, Oakland, and Treasure Island. If you want to go to San Francisco. We live few minutes away from one BART Station: MacArthur. It is located on 40th St and Telegraph.
Our house is just half a block from Telegraph Ave, and a few blocks from Piedmont Ave. and Rockridge/College Ave. Each of these neighborhoods bustles with restaurants, coffee houses, bakeries, shops, art galleries, grocery stores, pharmacies, and more. 
Plenty of nearby bars and restaurants - all within 10-15 minutes walking at most.
Scores of restaurants within walking distance- the famous Burma Super Star, great Mexican at Dona Tomas, gourmet Italian at Pizziolo... just to name a few.  
Super convenient location!  We are two blocks away from:  - Many Zagat-rated restaurants nearby including: Burma Superstar, Pizzaiolo, Asmara Ethiopian, Bowl'd Korean,  Dona Tomas, Bakesale Betty's, Aunt Mary's, and Lane Splitter Pizza and Pub. Other places within walking distance include: - Temescal farmer's market on Sundays, year-round -Temescal Alley, with the local shops and services including delicious soft-served vegan (cashew) ice-cream at Curbside. -Temescal Arts Center -Temescal Pool - Yoga/Zumba/kickboxing studios  - Mosswood park (tennis/basketball courts, picnic areas, baseball diamond, kid play areas, and dog park)
Temescal is a central and dynamic, fun and safe, quiet neighborhood close to everything! Walk to fantastic local shops, restaurants, and farmer's markets.
Temescal is a diverse, neighborhood with lots happening in the arts, music, restaurants, and activities.
Temescal is a fantastic walking neighborhood with a vibrant cafe culture. Nearby you'll find great restaurants, craft cocktails, organic ice cream, a yoga studio, vinyl shop and more!
Temescal is a great neighborhood--quiet but with access to plenty of restaurants, bars, etc. Homeroom (mac'n'cheese) is a local landmark. Temescal Alley has a great selection of small shops and excellent ice cream. Piedmont Ave is also walking distance and has tons of options.
Temescal is a very popular neighborhood for great eating.  We are surrounded by excellent restaurants--Korean, Mexican, Ethiopian and some very hip new upscale eateries.  They are all within a block from our home.  There is also a great Farmers Market on Sundays a few blocks from our house, a great library, and a park up the street.
Temescal is a very unique neighborhood in North Oakland.  Just around the corner, Telegraph Ave is the heart of Temescal and is full of great restaurants, bars and shops.
Temescal is a vibrant, real neighborhood with incredible weather, great food, shops and transit access.  Bakesale Betty draws crowds from around the bay area for fried chicken sandwiches and other delicious treats, and the wide variety of ethnic and hipster restaurants and other businesses on Telegraph and Temescal Alley are just a few dozen steps away. Check out Standard & Strange on the alley for spiffy made-in-USA menswear! This is a prime cycling location, with routes right out the front door and up into the Oakland hills.  Just a short ride to Piedmont, Rockridge, Berkeley, etc. Disclaimer:  This is *Oakland*, y'all.  It's not a rich city, and it's not a playground.  If you're coming home late, take UberX or a taxi from BART.
Temescal is considered the most "hip" neighborhood in Oakland. Many activities supported by the Merchants, like "First Fridays" - when there is a kind of 6 block long party. IN the Summer on Thursday - free movies shown on the side of an old Bank at 49th & Telegraph - 1 block from Casa Bella.  The Village is only one block - with coffee house and eateries and 24/7 Walgreens.
Temescal is full of culinary delights, so eat and drink your heart out.  Bakesale Betty's, Doughnut Dolly's, Cholita Linda, Kushido, Dona Tomas, Aunty Mary's, Bowl'd, Iron Pan, Marc 49, Grange Hall, the Sacred Cheese Wheel.  Oh yes.
Temescal is often compared to the Williamsburg of New York because its so vibrant and filled with eclectic shops and restaurants on Telegraph Avenue which is just around the corner.
Temescal is one of the most amazing neighborhoods in Oakland.  My home is 5 minutes walking distance to a at least 20 restaurants: Moroccan, Burmese, Korean, Sushi, Pizza, Mexican, New American, Spanish, etc...there are also several coffee shops, post office, grocery store, drugstore, etc...all within 5 minutes!!
Temescal is one of the most popular neighborhoods in the East Bay. All of Telegraph's bustling food, bars + shops are right around the corner, and public transit is highly accessible. The neighborhood is famous for its ethnic cuisine; I walk past Vietnamese, Ethiopian, Burmese and Korean restaurants everyday.
Temescal is the main business corridor of Telegraph Avenue and is bustling with shops and restaurants. You will find everything you need nearby. The location of this apartment also gives you easy access to Fast food restaurants. (McDonald's/Jack in the Box ) which are located only within a block away.
The Temescal is a vibrant neighborhood full of innovative and diverse people creating small independent thoughtfully-curated shops, restaurants and services, celebrating emerging arts and culture in our community.
The Temescal neighborhood has become a Bay Area destination, with many great restaurants and lots of local shopping.  Our block is lovely and friendly.
The Temescal neighborhood is one of the absolute best places to live in the Bay Area in our humble opinion. There are so many awesome restaurants and cafes to try. Some of our favorite restaurants include Burma Superstar, Geta Sushi, Pizzaiolo, and Pyeongchang Tofu House. Just around the corner, there's a gourmet mac and cheese restaurant called Homeroom. 3 great coffee shops (Arbor, Subrosa, and Cafe Underwood) are within walking distance, and Blue Bottle Coffee is within a 5 minute drive. There's also a fun farmer's market on Sunday mornings (Temescal Farmer's Market) that we highly recommend you check out.
The Temescal neighborhood is one of the hottest in all of Oakland.
The bustling Temescal neighborhood has everything you might need! Walking distance to MANY diverse restaurants: Korean, Japanese, Ethiopian, Burmese (the famous Burma Superstar is 8 blocks away), Pizza, Gourmet Californian. One of the best Bay Area Farmers Markets occurs on Sunday mornings 9 blocks away. Cafes, bars, ice cream shops.  This is a foodie's dream location. 
There are many events sponsored by the merchants (paid by my taxes) like "Taste of Temescal" - where you get a sample of the establishment's special - up and down Telegraph, Street Fair, Free movies on the side of the bank, First Fridays, which is a multiblock wandering street party. Temescal has been voted the Number One neighborhood in Oakland - and Casa Bella is right in the HEart of Temescal.
There is so much to do in my neighborhood! Great local shops, restaurants ( My Favorites are Pizzaiolo and Cholita Linda), Cafes, and galleries are literally steps away. That's why I moved here!
This is a lively neighborhood that has everything you could want within a 10 minute walk.  Fantastic restaurants, quality coffee shops, a yoga studio, and lots of boutiques.  A little further away on PIedmont Ave there's even a movie theater and Fenton's, the famous ice cream shop.  
This neighborhood has become very very popular recently. New restaurants and fun shops opening all the time. Free outdoor cinema in summer. Lots of street festivals. Farmer's market at DMV on Sundays. It is a very lively neighborhood.
This neighborhood is known for exceptional food and lots of shopping. Within a few blocks you'll find acclaimed places like Juhu Beach Hut (recently visited by Anthony Bourdain for a 'Parts Unknown' episode), Pizzaiolo, and my personal favorite Burma Super Star.  There are also great coffee shops, delis, shopping, and North Oaklands best sports bar - the Kingfish - all within a couple of blocks. If you're interested in spectacular views of the city, head up into the Oakland hills (Grizzly Peak Blvd has a number of turnouts) or up to Mount Tam in Marin.
This neighborhood is very walkable and has an artistic and friendly vibe.  Great weather - usually warmer and sunnier than in San Francisco, which is only about 15-20 minutes away.
We are just a few blocks from Rockridge/College Ave, from Piedmont Ave., and from Telegraph Ave, each of which has dozens of restaurants and bars, shopping, art galleries, coffee houses, and more.  Plus, in a pinch, you're 2 blocks from Safeway and Starbucks.
Within a few blocks are the following awesome things: Sub Rosa Coffee, Record Store, Homeroom Mac & Cheese, Manifesto Bikes, Hog's Apothecary, Ethiopian food, Mosswood Park, the MacArthur BART station. Within a handful more blocks are the more awesome things: Blue Bottle coffee in the WC Morris Building, , Mama's Cafe, Korean Food, Burma Superstar (!!), Fancy Ice Cream, Thrift Stores,  Also everything in the bay seems pretty close/accessible this close to the public transportation hub. Just sayin'.