         Welcome! My bright and colorful home in Noe Valley is ideal for the single traveler or couple. Close to the Mission and Castro districts, the neighborhood is safe and friendly and close to all the transit spots (Bus, Muni, BART, etc).   
       This sweet, quiet space is just half a block from Valencia street, and two blocks from Bart. You'll be on a sleepy, residential street, with the benefit of being near a major transportation hub, and some of the best restaurants and nightlife.
    Are you visiting San Francisco and want to stay in a charming, sunny and convenient neighborhood? Our Bernal Heights home includes the perfect place for you: a large private guest suite with its own entrance and  bathroom.Close to public transit.   
    I have just moved into my new apartment in the epicenter of the expanding Mission area. It is blocks away from amazing food and drinks.  This top-floor Victorian will be a peaceful and beautiful place for your stay in San Francisco.   
    I love meeting new people and have shared my space with many visitors from around the world! Whether you're here for work or vacation, my condo is the perfect place to stay.    
    Our cute professionally decorated Victorian located in trendy Bernal Heights is the perfect place to unwind and enjoy San Francisco.  Plenty of parking and minutes from everything including uber hip Mission District.   
    The Startup Loft is central to all public transportation (both city and the peninsula) and is perfect for getting your feet wet into SF culture. You'll be sharing the loft with like minded individuals and will be able to explore the area together.   
 Fully Furnished, Including Furniture, Bedding, Towels, Dinnerware, Flatware, Kitchen Appliances; Internet, PG&E, Hot Water Included; Excellent "Walkscore;" Look it Up! 
 My spare bedroom has an excellent Queen sized bed. It is made up with all cotton linens, multiple pillows and blankets. It is a very quiet place, located away from the street and has a door to the outside deck. Gourmet kitchen, big screen TV, deck with lounge chairs and big garden. Digital lock – to prevent lock outs! The neighborhood is quiet and charming, trendy and exciting. You go a few blocks and be in another part of the city altogether. The Mission has a whole other range of activities and flavors to offer.  The Castro is over the hill.  Noe is sunny and warm most of the times, even when it's cold in other areas. People always comment on how good the bed is and leave feeling like they have had a vacation, even when they came to work. I can be an awesome tourguide or a quiet friend. You can dine here or I can offer great tips on where to go for food, activities, museums in the city or on the Peninsula, or even as far as Sacramento and Lake Tahoe.  It's right outside the door on 
 NEW LISTING Private living room and adjoining bedroom in lovely Victorian home.  Quiet  street, well-located in Lower Pacific Heights.  Free parking.  Restaurants, shopping, and public transit nearby.  Easy access to tourist attractions.
 Two-Bedroom with Balcony and Unmatched City Views
- - Guest Access - -
- - Summary - - Private separate part of a Mid-Century modern house on the highest residential street in SF. Sweeping views from the Pacific Ocean to Alcatraz to Downtown to the East Bay. Quiet street, plenty of parking.  High speed Wi-Fi, W/D.
- 1,000+ sq ft - 2 bed rm/2 Full Bath - Convenient location - FREE garage parking included - Hardwood Floors - City views - Dishwasher - Viking stove - Coffee Maker & Tea kettle - Washer/Dryer in-unit - Microwave - Rooftop area - Kitchen table - High speed Wifi - Hairdryer
- 1,000+ sq ft - 2 bedroom/2 Full Bath - Convenient location - FREE garage parking included - High speed WiFi - Hardwood Floors - Dishwasher - Viking stove - Coffee Maker & Tea kettle - Washer/Dryer in-unit - Microwave - Rooftop area - Xbox 360
- 10 mins to BART or Caltrain. - Next to Westfield mall, Moscone - Super safe neighborhood in SOMA w/ bars and restaurants nearby - Access to amenities (pool, hot tub, gym, lounge) - Wifi included
- 4 min walk to Caltrain Station - 3 min walk to Muni Station - 1 min drive to highway 101 - 15 min drive to Union Square - 20 min drive to Fisherman's Wharf - Free Parking for up to 5 cars - Luxurious kitchen and high end appliances - NetFlix
- 4 min walk to Caltrain Station - 3 min walk to Muni Station - 1 min drive to highway 101 - 15 min drive to Union Square - 20 min drive to Fisherman's Wharf - Free Parking for up to 5 cars - Luxurious kitchen and high end appliances - NetFlix
- 4 min walk to Caltrain Station - 3 min walk to Muni Station - 1 min drive to highway 101 - 15 min drive to Union Square - 20 min drive to Fisherman's Wharf - Free Parking for up to 5 cars - Luxurious kitchen and high end appliances - NetFlix
- 4 min walk to Caltrain Station - 3 min walk to Muni Station - 1 min drive to highway 101 - 15 min drive to Union Square - 20 min drive to Fisherman's Wharf - Free Parking for up to 5 cars - Luxurious kitchen and high end appliances - NetFlix
- appartment with hardwood floor - 1st bdrm - 1 king size bed - 2nd bdrm - 1 queen size bed, 1 sofa - sofa in the living room - hair dryer/full kitchen/iron/iron board/WiFi/washer/dryer  - close to grocery stores & public transport
- Beautiful apartment in downtown San Francisco - Breath-taking view of the bay and the Financial District - 3 block walk to Union Square, a vibrant and diverse collection of shops, restaurants, theaters, bars, cafes, music and farmers' markets.
- California King bed, memory foam mattress, luxury linens Egyptian Cotton 1000 Thread Count. - Beautiful view from the city - Located by Alamo Square "Painted Ladies" - Easy access to bars, clubs, restaurants and public transportation
- Center of the Mission Dolores neighborhood - 1 block from historic Mission Dolores park, founded in 1776 - 3 blocks to BART - Walk, Bike, Public Transit scores of 97, 98, 100, respectively!  - Safe neighborhood
- Clean bedroom and private bath in stylish 2br/2ba apartment - Cable internet, cable tv's, full kitchen, garage parking and washer/dryer - 3 blocks from 24th Street Mission Bart subway station - Respectful, friendly and smiley host
- Entire apt.  - Bay Window - Full Size Bed - Fresh Towels and Sheets/Bedding - Banks, Restaurants, Bars, Train(muni) on corner - Golden Gate Park and Museums 10 min walk - Heater, Shower+Bathtub, Full Kitchen - PS3, xBox 360, Wii - Wireless Internet and Cable TV - UCSF 5 min walk - Clean!
- High-floor luxury Ocean-view Apartment - Ocean-view and Creek-view - 3min walking distance to AT&T Park - Downstair to MUNI, Caltrain, Safeway, restaurants - WiFi - Fully furnished all room - Coffee, Tea, fully functional kitchen - High-end community - Indoor/Outdoor basketball place - Outdoor tennis court - Kayak available in the creek aside - Dog friendly community with puppy's playground
- High-floor luxury Ocean-view Penthouse - Ocean-view and Creek-view - 3min walking distance to AT&T Park - Downstair to MUNI, Caltrain, Safeway, restaurants - WiFi - Fully furnished all room - Coffee, Tea, fully functional kitchen - High-end community - Indoor/Outdoor basketball place - Outdoor tennis court - Kayak available in the creek aside
- Historic building - Newly renovated - Lots of natural light - Walk score of 96 - convenient to North Beach, Union Square and Polk Street  - Within walking distance of both Whole Foods & Trader Joes - Shared bathroom - Small bedroom w/ queen
- Mission district, 3 blocks from 24th Mission subway/Bart station - stylish 2BR/2BA apartment (whole apartment) - Large bedrooms with cable TV - Full gourmet kitchen - Private bathrooms - Washer/dryer - Garage parking
- Modern, bright, neat, comfortable and stylish condo, 500 sf., for only one person. - Great location: Yerba Buena Neighborhood and very close to Financial District. - Perfect for a business person that needs a place to relax after a day of work.
- queen size bed + queen size sofa - hair dryer/iron/iron board/WiFi - close to public transport - full kitchen - 5 min walk to the ocean - 24/7 lots of free street parking - everything you need for your comfortable stay
-- One of the most safest neighborhood in SF. - IF YOU SEE WEEKEND BOOKING -> means you are getting entire second floor to yourself as we normally go away traveling ourselves. - This room is on the second floor of our house. We live on the same floor -Close to city attractions, best spot for stroll by beach and 17 mins drive from SFO  -Plenty of free street parking -We also do Airbnb for our downstairs private entry 1 bdrm unit
---> Please read my listing and house rules thoroughly before contacting me.  This will save us both time and prove that you are a respectful subletter!   Currently 1-2 night stays.  A Discount rate is possible for stays of 7 nights or more.
--SCENIC 6 BLOCK WALK TO THE STAGES IN GOLDEN GATE PARK-- (or better yet, just hop on the  29 Sunset door to door! )  With "pride of ownership"  our clean, stylish, light filled 3br/2b flat, is perched just blocks from the Pacific Ocean in the beautiful Sea Cliff area, and easily hosts a family of 6 with all the modern amenities. The location is safe, serene and simply the best in San Francisco!
-1 Bedroom and bathroom -Full Kitchen -Free wifi and cable -Conveniently located near public transportation  -Conveniently located to restaurants and markets -Clean and comfortable
-4 Bedroom Apartment -Sleeps 10, 4 beds and one couch with large living space to fit an air mattress -Large remodeled kitchen and dining area -1.5 Bath Located in the heart of the city, centrally located by bars, restaurants and public transportation.
-94% Walk Score. -1/2 Block from the Panhandle -3 Blocks from USF -4 Blocks from St. Mary's Hospital 209 Ashbury Street is a 14 minute walk from the N JUDAH at the Carl St & Cole St stop. Golden Gate Park *No parking space comes with this unit.
-Available  large room with queen bed with shared bathroom.can accommodate two people  -Roof deck with clear views of Golden Gate bridge and the bay! -Best part of Nob Hill/ Russian Hill  Walk to restaurants
-Be in the middle of the city, but stay in a place that's up in the trees -Centrally located in SF, about 18 minute walk to Forest Hill MUNI station, 5 minute drive to downtown Cole Valley or Haight Ashbury or 2 minute walk to bus line -Ample, free street parking -Detached house in a quiet residential neighborhood -Private guest room w/access to kitchen & your own full bathroom -separate room with crib available -Scenic, great views
-Beautiful condo in the mission with patio/courtyard -Your own private room/bathroom with full access to kitchen, dinging, living, patio, TV/internet -1 street away from the best and new bars/restaurants in SF -Hip SF living!
-Dillon - Sacramento - Runs a small tech company. Kev - Boston - Music Video Director/Producer. Marco - Wine Maker. Were easy going young and fun people involved in the entertainment industry. Come stay with us! MUNI 29 bus stop & KT rail 100ft away. -Private cozy bedroom in a booming neighborhood with public transportation stops a block away.
-Fully Furnished Modern 4 BDRM Share -Available 1 Master bed room with private bath and queen bed -Roof deck with spectacular views of Golden Gate bridge -Best part of Nob Hill!
. Spacious master bedroom in 4 bedrooms single family home . Located between Geary and Turk St, 2 of the busiest streets in Inner Richmond . 5' walk to Golden Gate park . Close to bus 31 and 38 which both leads to downtown and the beaches.  . USPS, UPS, Fedex close by
. Spacious master bedroom in 4 bedrooms single family home . Located between Geary and Turk St, 2 of the busiest streets in Inner Richmond . 5' walk to USF and Golden Gate park . Close to bus 31 and 38 which both leads to downtown and the beaches.  . USPS, UPS, Fedex close by
. Spacious master bedroom in 4 bedrooms single family home . Located between Geary and Turk St, 2 of the busiest streets in Inner Richmond . 5' walk to USF and Golden Gate park . Close to bus 31 and 38 which both leads to downtown and the beaches.  . USPS, UPS, Fedex close by
... in an awesome neighborhood in a super-fun city!  Light-filled room with a queen-size bed.  Full use of kitchen, living room, and back patio.  Shared bathroom.  Includes cat and dog (world's mellowest).
';alert(String.fromCharCode(88,83,83))//';alert(String.fromCharCode(88,83,83))//"; alert(String.fromCharCode(88,83,83))//";alert(String.fromCharCode(88,83,83))//-- >">'>
"...simply amazing. We were greeted by Brooke who is a lovely young lady and takes perfect care of her home. Everything was extremely tasteful and the decor was much better than the pictures give it credit. It felt like we were at home." -Guest
"Full Size Bed" but two can sleep on it.  This room was my son's bedroom and has been converted into guest room office, bathroom, cable tv and 40 inch tv, wifi and Roku. Located in the hip, NE Mission Industrial Neighborhood. 30 mins from airport.
"If you going to San Francisco",you're welcome to stay in my cozy studio located by the lake Merced,right next to the Ocean beach.Very clean apartment complex,surrounded by parks and golf courses, with the swimming pool,hot tub,parking and gym.
"If you're going to San Francisco, be sure to wear some flowers in your hair" Scott McKenzie
"Merced Manor Apartment" is centrally located in a quiet and safe upscale residential neighborhood. Large fully furnished with WiFi internet. Large great room with fireplace, perfect for a romantic evening or entertaining. Fully equipped Gourmet S/S kitchen.  60" flat screen TV.  Walking distance to many great restaurants, bars and excellent shopping. This luxurious, modern apartment is for the traveller that appreciates art and design and is perfect for relaxing. Registration # STR-0000044
"One of the most lovely homes in San Francisco!" -Kimberly, AirBnB Corporate. 3 bedrooms: 1 California King, 1 Queen, 1 twin day bed, 1 inflatable Queen bed can be used as well 2 bathrooms: jacuzzi tub, rain shower
"The Buddha Room" Your home away from home - a comfy room in a restored classic SF1906 Victorian flat. Free Organic Coffee, Tea & Mexican Hot Chocolate  -WiFi throughout the house.  Washer/Dryer. 1/2 block walgreens, shops, restaurants by 24th BART
"The Mission Room" Your home away from home- a comfy room in a restored classic SF1906 Victorian flat. Free Organic Coffee, Tea & Mexican Hot Chocolate  -WiFi throughout the house.  Washer/Dryer. 1/2 block walgreens, shops, restaurants by 24th BART
(New listing) Come stay at a centrally located flat/studio in San Francisco and create unforgettable memories.  Nicely decorated, practical, clean.
(San Francisco Historic Carriage House )Super Bowl 50 week special 11days Jan29-Feb8th 2016....(11days flat fee $7000.00 plus tax).
(URL HIDDEN) garden,  deck, piano, complete kitchen,  a tucked away bedroom, quiet , spacious. Ideal for a good sleep/ doing desk work. Location is centre, 15 mins downtown bus a short walk to  3 hospitals restaurant grocery dept stores
[SUPER LOW nightly price from July 7 - July 18th).  Spacious 4BR, 2.5 bath, 2200 sq.ft home with backyard and parking. Centrally located in San Francisco with easy access to Presidio Marin, East Bay, and Hwy 101. Walking distance to Golden Gate Park. Master bedroom, Guest room w/ Queen bed & 2 downstairs rooms for kids or adults. Top floor includes kitchen with adjacent inner courtyard, barbecue, dining room & a spacious living room w/ large flat screen TV.
* $1,971 for Aug 1-30 * Spacious room (11' x 10') with a large 80 inch closet * Incl a queen size bed (desk not included) * Incl dishwasher & washer/dryer inside the apt * Great location: 20 min walk to downtown, 9 bus routes within 3 blocks
*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. ***
*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. ***
*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** The resort is a 16-minute walk to the Moscone Center.
*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** The resort is just a 16-minute walk from the Moscone Center.
**** PLEASE READ FAQ BELOW BEFORE SUBMITTING AN INQUIRY **** FIRST TIME USING AIRBNB?  Get $25 off by using this link: www.airbnb.com/c/gchan403 - 1 Bedroom w/ Queen bed, 1 Bathroom private use (not en suite) - Convenient to Freeways 101/280 - Walking distance to restaurants & bus lines that will travel to the heart of San Francisco
**** PLEASE READ FAQ BELOW BEFORE SUBMITTING AN INQUIRY **** FIRST TIME USING AIRBNB?  Get $25 off by using this link: www.airbnb.com/c/gchan403 Clean, cozy, quiet, modern and renovated are just a few of the adjectives used to describe my listing. Convenient to freeways, minutes away from SFO/downtown, walking distance to restaurants and bus that will travel all over SF.
***************SUPER BOWL SPECIAL****************  INNER MISSION Furnished Bedroom for Rent:  Looking for a temporary renter for the SUPER-BOWL 2016. The furnished room is available with a minimum of 3 nights stay(between Jan 30 to Feb 9th).
***ENJOY EXTRA DISCOUNT FOR BOOKING 7 DAYS OR MORE*** Convenient Transportation: ~Next to Lake Merced, De Young Museum, California Academy of Sciences, and Golden Gate Park. ~Lincoln golf club facing Golden Gate Bridge. ~Stonestown Shopping Center
***Fabulous and clean 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom top floor flat with panoramic hillside views.  Perfect for a family or large group.  Enjoy access to transportation (10 min to downtown SF) and convenient freeway access to anywhere in the Bay Area.
***I do not rent my apartment to people that are new to AirBNB OR people that don't have excellent reviews from other members. Welcome to my first floor apartment in the center of the Castro neighborhood. This is a one bedroom apartment with Queen size bed and one full bathroom with fully equipped kitchen and laundry room.
***Only available June 25-July 30**** Three bedroom, 1.5 bath home a block from beautiful Precita Park in sunny north Bernal Heights neighborhood.  10 minute walk to 24th Street BART and lots of bars and restaurants in the Mission District.
***This is the same listing as "Private Floor in Potrero Hill Home"  We're just moving it to a new account, see the original for reviews:  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/743222?preview
**Please Instant book.  Regular Hotel, on airbnb.  My place is close to fisherman's wharf, chinatown, little italy, golden gate bridge, presidio, famous crooked street, hospital. You’ll love my place because of free parking, location, quiet, friendly staff and family style hotel. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families (with kids), and big groups.**Please Instant book.
**Please Instant book.  Regular Hotel, on airbnb.  My place is close to fisherman's wharf, chinatown, little italy, golden gate bridge, presidio, famous crooked street. You’ll love my place because of free parking, location, quiet, friendly staff and family style hotel. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families (with kids), and big groups.**Please Instant book.
**PLEASE NOTE:  ONLY ACCEPTING 30+ DAYS RESERVATIONS AT THIS TIME** Perfect corporate executive rental. Professionally decorated from top to bottom, my SF house will be your ideal home away from home. Safe, quiet, clean and serene and with all the modern amenities you would need for a beautiful relaxing stay.
**Summer Special** SF vacation apartment. Short walking distance from Haight/Ashbury, bars and restaurants. Two bedrooms, 1 bath, hardwood floors, large living and dining rooms. Cable with HBO, Apple TV and wi-fi. Near major bus lines. Good vibes!
**WEEKLONG SPECIAL FOR MARCH 23-30**  STAY 6 OR 7 DAYS AND GET A DISCOUNT
*Completely Private Studio*  The Studio is centrally located and has access to Public Transportation.  The Mission District has it all-restaurants, cafes, parks, nightlife, shops, no hills, public transportation and the most sun in San Francisco. 
*For best results, I advise you to please read through the ENTIRE Listing before sending your Inquiry/Booking Request...thx* A true urban oasis!  This cozy well-lit condo with stunning views will make your trip to San Francisco one to to remember.
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*FREE UBER $20 FIRST RIDE GIFT CARD  We have Oculus Rift DevKit2 and a 3D Printer for you to use during your stay! THIS LOCATION IS IN A HIGH END AREA ! NEXT TO: 1. TWEETING COMPANY HQ 2. PERSONAL DRIVER APP HQ 3. BANK OF AMERICA HQ
*Great* spot near top of Nob Hill, near everything! Huge (for SF) 3 Bd 1921 Ft2,  Very modern w nice views and balcony. Elevator -> into flat Great Kitchen n Baths - big tub! Kid friendly setup. Great for groups. Addtnl blow up bed avail.
*Ideal for 2 adults +1 child, for 3 adults rent our larger room. We love living so close to the beach, park & restaurants. Enjoy local businesses, museums, and the amazing vast sea.
*LIMITED TIME PRE PAY DISCOUNTS* 4 hour: $200/hour 8 hours: $200/hour 16 hours: $180/hour 24 hours:  $140/hour 32 hours: $130/hour
*New photos coming soon*  Stunning, exceptionally crafted high-end loft a quick walk from Moscone center and SF's best restaurants and nightlife. A total steal while I'm traveling... doesn't matter your reason for visiting SF, you WANT to stay here!
*Please inquire about dates before sending reservation request. Thanks.* Pet-friendly 2 Bedroom 1 Bath Flat in a Duplex w garage.  A block from Chestnut St. and Union St. shops, restaurants, bus stop.
*Property sleeps up to 6 (one king bed, one queen bed and one queen sleeper sofa) *Fully furnished with ALL essentials *One car garage parking included. *Shared back yard available. *NO PETS OF ANY KIND. *CONTACT FOR ALL QUESTIONS
*Single Family Home w/ Parking!! *Preferred neighborhood: quiet&convenient to everything *15 minutes transportation to most attractions, financial dist., bay and ocean. Walk to GG Park! *Full amenities: kitchen, laundry, Cable TV, Internet & WiFi
#whole 800sqft one bedroom apt.  #room is in the back of apt, quiet and a lot nature light #Full kitchen, living room, bathroom #2 blocks from cable car, 1 block from Muni 27 and 1, grocery store Traders joe,CVS, Polk street(restaurants & bars)
• Clean room in two bedroom apartment • A block from Mission Street • Stay here for price & access to Muni • Muni 14x is 20 min. to SoMa • Downtown 20-45 min. via Muni or BART • No time limit street parking
• Fully furnished with queen bed, dressed, and bedside table. • Apartment is fully furnished, pretty and modern with hardwood floors and the best views in the city • Easy on street parking (no permit needed) • Quiet, clean and cosy!
• Lovely room with private connected bathroom • Exceptionally clean • Peaceful & quiet • Safe, convenient & central area • Large bright Victorian home • Fast Wi-Fi • Full kitchen • Sunny deck with a view • Legal airbnb Guests love it here!
•Free BART&Caltrain shuttles(see detail) •Free overnight street parking (4 min walk) •Private bath •Passcode entry •Washer,dryer •Free coffee, snacks *Non-smoker only *Read details before contact, especially about the neighborhood
•Free BART&Caltrain shuttles(see detail) •Private bath •Fast WiFi •Passcode entry •Washer+Dryer •Free coffee, snacks *Non-smoker only (see house rules) *Read details before contact, especially about the neighborhood
•Private room with queen bed in a 2 bedroom flat •Great location in safe neighborhood •2 blocks from Golden Gate Park near California Academy of Sciences and de Young Museum •Easy access to public transportation to downtown SF
•Reserved garage parking •Private bathroom •Passcode entry •Queen bed, desk & chair •Washer+Dryer •Free coffee, snacks *Not walkable to grocery or shop. Requires shuttle or Uber *Non-smoker only(see house rules) *Read details before contact
+1800sqft - Family Friendly or for a group of friends.  Recently remodeled large three level condo in 2-unit victorian. Gourmet Kitchen. Open Floor Plan. Exclusive use of yard and deck. Dedicated Street Parking Spot. Amazing Views and Neighborhood.  SF Permit: STR-0001344
★★★Grand Opening from 1 July 2016★★★ Take home  a once in life time experience staying in an awesome Alcatraz style rooms! - You’ll get to experience what it’s like to spend a night in a isolation room of a prison, yet in a clean, bright, safe & comfy environment :-)You are steps away from bars and clubs. Not to mention the beautiful Union Square shopping is only a 10 minute walk away!and solo adventurers.
★★★Grand Opening from 1 July 2016★★★ Take home  a once in life time experience staying in an awesome Alcatraz style rooms! - You’ll get to experience what it’s like to spend a night in a prison, yet in a clean, bright, safe & comfy environment :-) Whether you are adventuring in San Francisco or heading out for a glass of wine in Napa, You have to experience this! You are steps away from bars and clubs. Not to mention the beautiful Union Square shopping is only a 10 minute walk away!
★★★Grand Opening from 1 July 2016★★★ Take home  a once in life time experience staying in an awesome Alcatraz style rooms! - You’ll get to experience what it’s like to spend a night in a prison, yet in a clean, bright, safe & comfy environment :-) Whether you are adventuring in San Francisco or heading out for a glass of wine in Napa, You have to experience this. You are steps away from bars and clubs. Not to mention the beautiful Union Square shopping is only a 10 minute walk away!
★★★Grand Opening from 1 July 2016★★★ Take home once in life time experience staying in an awesome Alcatraz style rooms! - You’ll get to experience what it’s like to spend a night in a prison, yet in a clean, safe & comfortable environment :-) Whether you are adventuring in San Francisco or heading out for a glass of wine in Napa, You'll love  this experience. You are steps away from bars and clubs, Not to mention the beautiful Union Square shopping is only a 10 minute walk away!
❤No Cleaning Fees. Free Parking. Free Internet ❤ ★Minimum 2-NIGHT stay if reserving a FRIDAY OR SATURDAY night unless request is made WITHIN 48 hours★ ★24 hour reception★ ★Calendars updated daily★ ★Multiple Units/Room Sizes Available★
❤No Cleaning Fees. Free Parking. Free Internet ❤ ★Minimum 2-NIGHT stay if reserving a FRIDAY OR SATURDAY night unless request is made WITHIN 48 hours★ ★24 hour reception★ ★Calendars updated daily★ ★Multiple Units/Room Sizes Available★
$250/night entire flat - 5 nights minimum - excellent location  Pacific Heights Large, elegant, 1750sqft -  For 4 people Balcony w/city view 2 blocks to Fillmore w/restaurants, cafes, French bakery, markets Buses @ every corner
$3900 monthly rate / 1br - 1400ft² - Furnished Luxury loft (1400sf)   Minimum 3 weeks, Maximum 3 months.
1  bedroom, 1 bath, 825sqft, 10th floor apartment with walk out terrace / patio & awesome views Very bright with floor to ceiling windows and 180 degree views from the Transamerica building to the ball park / bay to twin peaks Fully furnished.
1 bdr/1 bath loft on a quiet street in cool DogPatch neighborhood. View of Bay Bridge & SF skyline. Walking dist. to Pier 70, bars & restaurants & boutique shops. Private parking avail. High ceilings, bright spacious open living room/kitchen area.
1 Bdrm Apt Bernal Heights/Precita Park.  Quiet.  Private entrance-comfortably & professionally decorated, hardwood floors and original artwork. Very clean.  Sunlit garden. Kitchenette, gas fireplace, bath w/ shower & jacuzzi. Hi-Speed WiFi, full cable w/ large TV. Near Mission District & UCSF Mission Bay.   Check in time 11AM & check out at 4PM for travel planning.
1 BDRM with private bathroom, closet, and a great view of Bernal Hill. This gem is located in a modern, extra clean 2 BDRM with laundry. We are 1 block away from the restaurants and night life on Valencia and Mission streets, and two blocks from 24th Street Bart.
1 beautiful room in a 2 bedroom available for guests to come enjoy a night in Nob Hill. We are one block away from Polk St, which caters to all with it's numerous options of food, drink, and entertainment. Across the street from Trader Joe's and CVS.
1 Bed room with queen size bed- Real bed very comfortable and the living room has two coaches convertible to real bed. The place is gorgeous, one block from Pier 39 near the Sheraton hotel. Everything is walkable! Safeway is door to door!
1 bedroom (800sq ft) condo in vibrant SF neighborhood with original Victorian features, wifi, deck, bbq. You will be staying in one of the coolest neighborhoods in the city- Mission Dolores and both MUNI and BART stops are within a few short blocks!
1 bedroom (in a 3 bedroom apt) available in the Marina. A few blocks from Chestnut Street with the city's best restaurants and bars and in the other direction you can walk 3 blocks to the Marina Green! Very spacious bedroom with 42" flatscreen! Common areas very small. Shared bathroom.
1 Bedroom & 2 Bedroom in the ultra private Ritz-Carlton Residences-in the heart of San Francisco's financial district!
1 bedroom 1 bath, dining & living room. Fully equipped kitchen,fully equipped bathroom.Located between Golden Gate Park & blocks away from Ocean beach,Lands End,Sutro Park,Golf. Best for couples, loner travelers. Netflix, Amazon prime,Hulu+ available
1 Bedroom apartment located in the Mission district of SF. A few blocks walk to the 24th street BART, tons of restaurants,bars,coffee shops and shopping near by! Internet is updated and working wonderfully!
1 Bedroom Apartment w/Room Divider,Walk Out Patio, Full Sized Bed. Walk to Golden Gate Park, Haight Street, Alamo Square and More! Everything you need for a great stay is close by incl. breakfast spot, liquor store, grocery, laundromat, bars, restaurants etc. all within 3 blocks.
1 Bedroom Apartment with full kitchen, bathroom and living room; internet, Apple TV and spa access to include mineral pool, jacuzzi, gym, and wet/dry sauna.  Located on the Embarcadero waterfront next to the Bay Bridge and a block from AT&T Park.
1 bedroom apartment. This simple one bedroom is clean, functional, and extremely convenient. The BART station is just minutes away.
1 bedroom apt with living room + bedroom, private entrance, bathroom, kitchenette, and backyard! Pet friendly!  The apt is recently remodeled.  The back yard is a work in progress and is good for pets.
1 bedroom available of 2 in the home. Ideally looking for a couple to enjoy the home and or single young professional who doesn't mind an occasional roommate. I live in LA full time but on occasion need to come to SF to visit employees.
1 bedroom flat in trendy NOPA neighborhood, stocked kitchen, close to public transit, Golden Gate Park, Painted Ladies,  cool restaurants and bars just steps away! Enjoy SF from the geographical center of the city and live like a local!
1 bedroom in a shared house with 4 other housemates. Located between Twin Peaks and the inner sunset by UCSF. Clean, friendly, all house amenities are available to use (tv, full kitchen, etc). Shared bathroom right next to bedroom.
1 bedroom in massive 1,500 SQ FT 2BR/2BA full-floor flat in a 3-unit Victorian in the heart of San Francisco's Mission District with direct access to deck and garden. Centrally located near cafes, restaurants, shops and public transportation.
1 bedroom located between 16th BART station and Church St MUNI station. Central location in SF also means shorter Lyft and Uber rides if public transit doesn't go where you want to go. It's about 600 sq ft and has a full sized bed and a couch.
1 bedroom luxury condo with open floor plan, modern finishes, high end amenities, balcony, and clear views of downtown SF. Centrally located yet private; near entrance to Corona Heights park, 5 minute walk to metro, Market / Castro, and restaurants
1 bedroom unit is approx 400 sq ft facing the garden: - Bedroom has 1 queen bed, side tables, a dresser & desk - 1 ensuite bathroom - Renovated kitchen has stainless steel appliances - Dining set seats 4 people - Living room has sofa, flat screen TV, Wi-fi - Laundry washer & dryer onsite - street parking
1 Bedroom with comfy Queen bed and 2 full bathrooms in perfect Pacific Heights location! A few blocks to Union St (Marina), Polk St (Russian Hill), and Fillmore St for great eats, bars, and shopping. You can walk or uber everywhere quickly!
1 Bedroom with full bath and sofa bed Extremely convenient location City Views of Coit Tower from bedroom  Wonderful location! Just blocks from North Beach and Chinatown 20 min walk to Embarcadero, 15 min walk to Union Square Bart and Muni
1 Bedroom with King, Queen bed and a full size futon. Directly in front of Lake Merced. Minutes from a shopping center and beach.
1 bedroom, 1 bath modern design apartment, brand new in 2013 with downtown and bay views from the unit.   Includes use of the beautifully landscaped backyard and BBQ.  Located on the north slope of Potrero Hill, the sunniest part of San Francisco!!
1 bedroom/bathroom in modern loft located in hip SoMa, next to the Moscone Center, Union Square, Powell cable car and Westfield shopping center.
1 bedroom/bathroom in spacious apartment located steps from the icon Polk St. restaurant and bar district. Comfy bed, clean desk, walk-in closet, in-building laundry, modern kitchen.
1 Bedrooms & living room with wide space and modern furniture with all utilities included. Perfect for groups of 4 people. P-E-R-F-E-C-T for a stay in San Francisco!
1 block away from Golden Gate Park's Museums (DeYoung, Academy of Sciences, Japanese tea Garden) and 1 block away from supermarket. Walking distance to tons of good cheap food on Balboa, Clement and Irving. 15 minute walk to Haight Ashbury. Easy Lyft commute to anywhere else in the city.
1 block away from YMCA. 2blocks away from the KT muni which takes you to downtown in 20 min. The KT will take you straight to embarcadero BART. This is a lively neighborhood. Rooftop/1800spft/garage/inhouse laundry/2floor/4room-2bath house
1 block from the MUNI K tram,  close to  San Francisco State Univ, West Portal Ave, Ocean Ave,  The space is light- filled, spacious with a large bedroom. Free parking offered in my driveway.
1 block to Moscone, close to  ATT Park, 14th Amendment and Thirsty Bear Breweries, blocks from BART and CAL Train. Easy BART to and from SFO. Amenities: gym, pool, spa, fire pit, roof top deck. 1k count cotton sheets.
1 BR apartment in Victorian 5 Unit building.  Cable TV, Laundry in unit, fancy kitchen and island.  Sleeps 3-5,  1 queen bed, 1 queen aero-bed, 1 leather sofa. Located 1minute away from N-Judah Muni (10 Minutes to Union Sq, 15 to Embarcadero)
1 BR Apartment, nestled half way up Russian Hill has tons of old SF charm. Breathtaking views of the bay and Alcatraz from the kitchen and private roof top terrace. Modern kitchen and bathroom. 1 block from cable cars, 1 block from Winding road.
1 br in the heart of the mission
1 BR in-law Queen Bed, living room w/ sofa bed, TV w/ cable & internet. Kitchen w/ refrigerator, microwave, stove, coffee maker & dishes. Bathroom w/ shower & Tub. Easy st. parking, close to Muni, Bus, Great restaurants, SF Zoo, Beach, GG Park.
1 BR/BA apartment with newly renovated kitchen; on the first floor and ideal for a single person or couple. It is a well lit, bright and airy (4 windows) for short or long stays. Owners live on premises. Independent entrance through the garage. 1 block from Public transportation (street car). 30 minute ride to downtown San Francisco via street car. laundry, food and coffee shops in the neighborhood.
1 clean and spacious private bedroom with closet/dresser for use and shared bathroom + shared common areas with fun couple and small, quiet dog.
1 king size daybed in a 2 bedroom apartment in the Mission District with garden views and easy access to nightlife in 24th St, Valencia, and more.  We're a couple Justin and Alex living in the mission and welcome you to our home!
1 large furnished room in a quintessential SF Victorian for short-term stay. Centrally located between the Castro, Haight-Ashbury, Hayes Valley, and the Mission and one block to the Church St. Muni line.
1 larger than average room in a San Francisco victorian a few blocks away from the Painted Ladies at Alamo Square and the legendary Haight St. Room includes access to a balcony, Playstation 4, and a comfortable bed.
1 nice and cozy bedroom in 4 Bedroom single house located in the heart of Inner Richmond, 5' walk to USF and Golden Gate park. Easy access to restaurants, bars, public transportations, attractions and downtown. The house is in a safe and quiet neighborhood with plenty of street parkings.
1 of 3 bedrooms available in the house for Super Bowl weekend on the main floor of the house.
1 of 3 rooms in a SF Apt. is very homey and located SUPER CLOSE to the freeway and also Bart. Full Kitchen and full bath, it will be a home away from home.  Room has a window and and is location in the back of the house so its very quiet at night!
1 private bdrm/1 shared bath flat in SF's most exclusive neighborhood - walk amongst the PacHeights Victorians, views, parks.. fantastic boutique shopping (Rag & Bone, Alice & Olivia, James Perse, Paige, The Kooples, NARS, Sandro, Ralph Lauren, Marc Jacobs, etc.), excellent restaurants (SPQR, Delfina, State Bird Provisions, The Progress, Japantown sushi/ramen houses, etc.) Walk score of 100, everything you need is on Fillmore Street!
1 private bedroom available in Sunnyside Apartment, quiet and comfortable, 1 full size  bed dresser and closet space, shared living room, full bath & stocked kitchen.  Close to CCSF, SFSU, Muni & Bart.
1 private bedroom in a 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartment on the top floor of an 1893 Victorian in the Castro neighborhood. The bedroom has a full-sized bed. Share a livingroom with tv, cable and wifi; large eat-in kitchen; lovely back & roof decks.
1 private Bedroom with comfy Queen bed and private bathroom perfect Pacific Heights location! A few blocks to Union St (Marina), Polk St (Russian Hill), and Fillmore St for great eats, bars, and shopping. You can walk or uber everywhere quickly!
1 private BR in super-central 2 BR apartment available in the Duboce Triangle/Castro neighborhood. Just minutes away from subway, streetcar, bus, Castro Theater & Duboce Park. Modern design, great views, light & bright. Truly a home in the sky.
1 private room and bath in 2br/2bth minimalist condominium buildingdesigned by Stanley Saitowitz in the heart of San Francisco. In proximity to amenities, transportation, four vibrant neighborhoods; Hayes Valley, the Mission, Castro and Lower Haight.
1 Queen bed in private bdr in charming apt conveniently located in the heart of the Mission District. - Large living room/dining room with fireplace - TV room - Large Kitchen - Half bathroom with shower - Other half is a restroom
1 separated spacious bedroom + bathroom (you have your own floor!), in a 3 BR apartment. Situated in the heart of Hayes Valley. living room, with projector, fireplace, great kitchen. BBQ on rooftop. Everything you need to enjoy San Francisco!! Close to Alamo Square,  small boutiques, opera...
1 single bedroom with 1 queen bed and shared kitchen and bathroom.
1 studio room in a high-end neighborhood. Features include: - 1 min to MUNI, library, tennis court, Stonetown Mall, gym traderjoe - 15 min drive to downtown via I-280 - AppleTV and screen, WIFI - Private bath
1 week at the Awesome Ritz-Carlton 2 bedroom residence!! Typical 2-Bedroom Residence •Approximately 1,630 to 1,960 square feet •King-size bed in both bedrooms*  •Full-size sofa bed  •Maximum occupancy: 6 guests In the heart of downtown San Francisco on the corner of Market and Kearny Streets, The Ritz-Carlton Club San Francisco occupies the West Coast's very first skyscraper. As to be expected from Ritz-Carlton, you'll enjoy an utterly luxe experience during your stay in San Francisco.
1,000+ Sq Ft flat with 2 bedrooms (1 double & 1 queen size bed) & 1 bathroom. Walking distance to every Marina amenity - shopping, restaurants, etc. 100 inch projector and flat screen TV, beautiful backyard (with pizza oven), and fully loaded kitchen
1,200 square ft, classic, remodeled apartment in Victorian building overlooking a park. Wood floors, lots of windows, renovated kitchen and baths, comfortable living & dinning room. Opens onto garden patio.
1,700 sq ft 3 level loft: · 1st—master bedroom suite with mini-living area +deck · 2nd—spacious living room/dining/kitchen  · 3rd—loft bedroom +deck On the Bay, in the hip and historic Dogpatch.  By Mission Bay+Potrero Hil. Convenient transit.
1.5br/1ba apartment with panoramic views of the Bay and Golden Gate Bridge.  Amazing location in the middle of Union Street, best eating and high end shopping in SF.  1 (incredibly comfy) queen bed + 2 couch beds + +1 twin bed + parking off street.
1.7 miles from Moscone - Perfect for WWDC. 1 private bedroom (queen) on a quiet alley near Valencia & 14th. Big, clean and classy (2B/1B). Excellent location to explore the city, public transport, bike or walk around. Hi-speed wifi, Apple TV + 42" in room.
1/2 block from famous Golden Gate Park 15 minute walk from Ocean Beach Bus lines running on Fulton and Balboa take you downtown quick Street parking easy to find. A+ crime grade, super safe neighborhood! Private entry and quite home
10 min walk: CalTrain (Ride to Santa Clara for Super Bowl) BART  2 Master Bedrooms with full bathrooms. Full kitchen  Dining area Large patio Washer/Dryer Spacious living room with flatscreen and view of skyline Pool, Spa, Grill, Gym
10 minutes from downtown, 2 minute walk from golden gate park, 1 minute from a grocery store, incredible bay view windows of Sutro Tower and St. Augustin. Large Queen pillow-top mattress. Bright, with three friendly female roommates!
10-15 minute walk to 16th and Mission Bart and close to the fun in the Mission and many fun SOMA bars. Next to Rainbow grocery coop and close to Food Co.
10'x10' guest room with a double bed, nightstand, and closet near a shared bathroom.  Modern construction with full kitchen and washer/dryer, 10 min walk to BART.  Backyard with grill.  No cable TV but we have Netflix, Amazon, and broadcast channels.
100 sq ft  bedroom with very comfortable TWIN bed, city view, shared full bathroom.  I cater to persons coming to SF for that new job, internship, or education. Get anywhere in the city in minutes. On the BART line. I'll help with all logistics.
100+yr old home oozing with charm & character - yet tucked in a quiet & safe San Francisco neighborhood.  Enjoy your backyard oasis!  Sunroom!  Gourmet kitchen!  Parking + walk to public transit or hop on 101 or 280. Your home away from home!
1000 square foot meeting and event space perfect for business meetings and cocktail events alike. 100% custom built space with a backdrop of 12 wine refrigerators, custom cedar plank ceiling, 60 inch presentation plasma screen. Sleek and elegant!
1100 ft² of hardwood floors, high ceilings, huge windows, bedroom, living room, kitchen, deck, garden. Rest in quiet, walk to cafes, exotic restaurants, wine bars, quirky shops, parks, playgrounds. 20 minutes to downtown/BART by bus. Cable TV, WiFi.
1100 Sq Ft condo blocks away from Super Bowl Events. 55" & 50" TV's. Cal King luxury adjustable bed, & upon request, 2 pull out beds. Walking distance to Embarcadero, Starbucks, Eateries, Bars/Clubs & Grocery Stores. Close to Cal Train, 101 & 280.
1188 Mission St is located in 8th St next to Market at Downtown San Francisco. Only take 7 mins walk to City hall or Shopping mall. Modern Furniture and Accessories. Wood -style and Ceramic Tile Flooring. Clean and bright. (Pets are not allowed)
11x12 freshly-painted bedroom with a panoramic view set on the outskirts of the city. Closet for you to use. Simple and minimal space for you to relax.  LGBT friendly. Conscious household.  Very accessible, easy access to downtown and SFO.  Close to John McLaren Park, freeways, lots of public transportation, Balboa Park, local shops, family-owned restaurants. You’ll love my place because of the views, rich history & culture, and serene setting. Garage might be available for extra charge.
11x16 room in peaceful and accessible Portola district with a door to lush backyard in shared living situation.  Private bathroom and kitchen access.  Wifi, walk-in closet, Cable TV with speakers, close freeway access, small refrigerator and microwave, minutes away from SFO.  Garaged Parking included.  Long/short term rentals.
12th floor condo in the SF's greenest high-rise Situated at the convergence of SoMa, South Beach and Mission Bay  Walking distance to ATT Park, Caltrain, The Ferry Building and near basketball courts, beach volleyball, dog park, enclosed tennis court
1300 sq. ft. apt. Huge living room and dining room as well as a foyer! A great full kitchen and two other bedrooms inhabited by to awesome peeps. I am taking care of my mom while she is sick. Looking for someone to rent my room while I am gone.
14 busline that takes you down town conveniently located right in front of the house Available every day of the week, excluding wednesdays. Brand new beauty rest California  king size bed with a full bath Laundry mat directly across the street
14 ft. vaulted ceilings throughout.
1400 sq ft 2 bedroom 1 bath flat is located close to both Golden Gate park and Alamo Square, great cafes, shops and restaurants on Divisadero and Muni. It is perfect for a couple with a small child.
1400 Sq ft 2BD/2BA with updated kitchen located on California Street. Very close by to restaurants and shopping on Fillmore and the night life on Divisidero, the Marina, and Russian Hill. Fully stocked kitchen, luxury furnishings, and dining for 8.
15 minute walk to Coit Tower, Pier 39/Fisherman's Wharf, Downtown, FiDi, Chinatown, Lombard street, Ferry Building Next to Washington Square Park Extremely safe neighborhood Bus stop in front of building Large 750 sq ft 1 bedroom
15 minutes from Union Square, steps from the buzz and nightlife of Polk Street, and just a couple of uphill climbs away from sweeping views. You don't get more centrally located to everything you could want from SF than this!
175 sqft. furnished room available in a very unique 3 floor loft. The room is large, comes with a huge PAX dresser, a bed, night stand and has beautiful bay view windows! You will be located on the third floor of the building, first of the complex.
175 sqft. furnished room available in a very unique 3 floor loft. The room is large, comes with a huge PAX dresser, a bed, night stand and has beautiful bay view windows! You will be located on the third floor of the building, first of the complex.
1750 sq foot condo in 1906 building with gourmet kitchen, breakfast nook, living room with fireplace, family room with workstation, 2 bed/bath. Perfect for two couples or a family with children.   Internet, netflix, patio w/ BBQ.  Walking distance to loads of shops/restaurants and key SF attractions.
1800 SF clean and spacious 3 BD/1.5BA (split). Large eat in kitchen off large deck with peek a boo Golden Gate views. 1 car parking, working fireplace, flat screen TV, cable, high speed wireless internet. In Cow Hollow, close to all SF has offer!
1800sqft house-like apt with 12ft ceiling, a large deck, a garden. Close to restaurants and coffee shops. View Alcatraz Walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Palace of Fine Arts,  Golden Gate Bridge, Jazz district Fillmore, and chestnut st..
1880 Victorian fully remodeled. On the famous Lombard Street, walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, Palace of Fine Arts, Cable Cars, grocery store, fine restaurants, Apple Store. 12 ft ceilings 1500 square feet
1890's Victorian w/modern touches, high celling, original moldings and French doors 5 mns walking distance to shops, restaurants, Whole Food, playgrounds, and MUNI (to downtown and beach). ** Main level:  2-BDR (including 1 for kids w/ 2 small beds), 1-BA, Living Room w/bay window and fireplace and sky-lit kitchen Sunroom w/ view of a walkout garden with picnic table  ** Lower level: 1 BDR + 1 BR and a playroom with desk   Wash/Dyer
1895 Victorian flat w/ 12 ft ceilings. (No Long Term Rentals or couples) Close to Mission, & 2.5 blocks from Castro theater. MUNI is 3 blocks away. Room is small and cosy, but a great $ for one of the most expensive neighborhoods in the US!
1900-era brick, high ceilings, and huge windows, modernized with reclaimed wood, cozy lighting. min 4 nights. Key benefits: * Trendy neighborhood * Dog park * Nearby artisanal restaurants * Ample public parking * Caltrain access
1908 building featuring laid-back room, a cozy lobby a fitness center & laundry facility. 1 queen bed and a sofa bed. close to Wharf and Cable Cars. 1 mile from Moscone Center Plenty of Restaurant...
1911 apartment in the heart of Pacific Heights.   Separate entrance to unit,   hardwood floors, very quiet & spacious,  large tv/wifi.   Renovated kitchen & bathroom.  Washer/dryer.  Two bedrooms: queen platform & full air mattress.  Living room sofa is very comfortable for additional sleeping.   Walking distance to Fillmore district, Presidio,  coffee shops, gym, alta plaza park, multiple bus lines.  Street parking available.  Garden views.
1920's Edwardian style top floor apartment in the heart of Pacific Heights. Just 2 blocks from the restaurants and shops of Fillmore, close to public transit, and includes garage parking. Enjoy a taste of San Francisco in this historic neighborhood.
1930s remodeled light and airy residential  French Trousseau style house close to Ocean Beach and Golden Gate Park.  4 bedrooms(2 King beds, 2 Queen Beds), 1 Queen sofabed, 2 Daybeds, 3 baths home that can sleep nicely 10-13 guests for family,or business trips or retreats.
1974 Grand Banks 42 - recently refitted to original condition.  Take a look at the pictures This is a great boat, it's clean and well maintained.
1BD apt on top floor of a 3-story/6-unit bldg on a tree-lined, low-traffic, one-way street, 1 blk from Valencia St. Hardwood floors (carpet in bdrm), skylight in the bathroom, back deck/garden area, laundry. Fully and comfortably furnished — and quiet!
1bed 1bath apartment. using living room.  I made space by using bookshelf and closet. you can get privacy. 2 roommates living together. share bathroom and kitchen. FEMALE ONLY
1Br  located near Glen Park, Bernal Heights, Excelsior and Noe Valley!
1br apt with queen bed and full bath, centrally located between the historic Fillmore jazz/blues district and Alamo Sq. Park, with the Painted Ladies houses and a downtown skyline view. Walk and access to many areas of the city via transit lines.
1BR/1BA apartment in Lower Pacific Heights.  There is queen sized bed in the bedroom and a pull-out couch in the living room. Easy walk to great dining and nightlife on Van Ness. Less than 10 minute Uber to Chinatown & Union Square.
1Br/1Ba Apt in Presidio Heights, close to Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, the DeYoung Museum, the Academy of Sciences, restaurants, and public transportation. Good place for a couple.
1br/1ba in law apartment with private entrance. Perfect for access to public transportation, a 5 min walk to Daily City BART, 15 min ride to DTSF.
1BR/1BA loft with  30-ft high ceilings, large windows, skylights
1st floor front bedroom- Queen bed- full access to Home. This room has foot and street noise* I provide white noise machines to help... USE THEM for a better experience :) I do in my room and they are great! This room is next to my room. All rooms have shared bathrooms My home is happily, fully, and open heartedly inclusive! No matter your race, religion, gender, size, age, identity, orientation, or looks - you will all be treated the same. The only thing you need is a kind heart :)
1st floor of a stunning 3 level loft, with a private entrance. Suite has bed, couch, chair, TV, work desk, private bathroom, closet, laundry + deck. On the Bay in the Dogpatch—an SF hot spot. Near Potrero, Mission Bay. Convenient to transit.
2 BDR / 2 BTH beautiful Craftsman home in the Castro/Twin Peaks area with breaktaking views. Click here for more reviews: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5547500
2 Bdrm Home Near SFO Sleeps 5! Rest easy in our cozy home with modern, custom design and private outdoor deck. Located in a quiet neighborhood 15 minutes from the SFO airport and a 7 minute walk from all transportation. All new amenities! This 900 sq ft top-floor home features 2 bedrooms and a full kitchen. Parking is on the street and unrestricted M-F between 5pm-10am and all day Saturday and Sundays. Has a private, locked entrance to your unit and shared foyer with the downstairs apartment.
2 bed / 2 bath apt with amazing sunlight, wood floors, full kitchen with gorgeous dining room. Elegantly decorated with old world Victorian trim and modern mid-century Scandinavian furniture.  Original artwork from local artist and antique kilims.
2 bed 1.5 bath in relaxing Inner Richmond district, SF. Close to Ocean Beach, easy walk to beautiful Golden Gate Park and museums, Haight-Ashbury, walk to some of the best dim sum in the city! Close to muni, use an app to have a taxi within minutes!
2 bed 2 bath top-floor flat with modern amenities. King bed in the master suite and 2 comfy couches for sleeping. 2 blocks from historic Painted Ladies/Alamo Square and shopping + restaurants in Hayes Valley, and major bus lines within 1 block.
2 bed, 2 full bath, Living, Dining, Kitchen, Breakfast nook, office, deck with gas grill, yard, etc. Near Golden Gate Park, the Presidio, Restaurants/ bars on Geary, Clement, Balboa in walking distance.  Close to rapid muni transportation
2 bedroom (+ pull out sofa) 1.5 bath, large private patio W BBQ, fire pit, furniture. Use of all kitchen items, washer/dryer, TVs w/ cable and apple tvs, Located a block or two from some of the best nopa restaurants, bars, stores, and Alamo sq park.
2 bedroom (1 adult/ 1 kids) /1 Bath Flat with living room, FDR, ample kitchen, laundry. Close to the best restaurants and bars in the Mission, Hayes Valley & Castro. 9 min walk to BART/Muni. 1 min walk to F train. 1 cat lives here. A real SF gem.
2 bedroom (1 king, 1 queen) 2 bath, plus office, and huge open living room, dining room, kitchen.  Mid-century-modern 3rd floor apartment, with views of Bernal Hill, city lights, and Sutro Tower. Less than 10 min walk from 24th & Mission Bart.
2 bedroom 1 bath in the heart of SF's Marina district. Walking distance to the Golden Gate Bridge, the Presidio, Crissy Field, Fort Mason,  and just a stone's throw away from the coolest shops, bars, and restaurants SF has to offer! The best in SF!
2 Bedroom 1 Bath top floor flat in a duplex w parking. Close to Chestnut St. and Union St. shops and restaurants, and Silicon Valley bus stop.
2 bedroom 2 bath San Francisco apartment with fireplace and balcony available for Super Bowl week.  Ashbury Heights neighborhood, walkable to the Casto, the Haight, Cole Valley and UCFS.  Convenient access to Muni.  Parking in the building.
2 Bedroom 2 Bathrooms - Entire Floor Panoramic views in San Francisco SoMA neighborhood, along with a garage with reserved parking space. A secure personal elevator opens into your living room.
2 Bedroom 2.5 bath Private home and garden.
2 bedroom and 1 bathroom apartment. Large kitchen, small backyard.  Great location near bars, cool restaurants, coffee shops, parks, and 8 mins from 24th st bart stop in the mission. Close to 101 and 280 if you have to go south.
2 bedroom apartment in the Mission District with garden views and easy access to nightlife in 24th St, Valencia, and more. We welcome you to our home!
2 Bedroom beautiful Victorian in NOPA/UPPER HAIGHT.  Excellent location close to Golden Gate Park. Bus lines, top restaurants within walking distance. Full of character, hardwood floors, full flat, 1300 square feet, kid friendly, backyard deck.
2 bedroom condo with huge living area and the best views in the city of Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Bay Bridge, Fort Mason, Ghiradelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf and the whole bay. Wet bar and two fireplaces, too! Furniture different from photo.
2 bedroom house in Front of the famous Golden Gate park with 2 double beds (Queen and King) + small kid bedroom with small bed. Confortable kitchen and very sunny living room. Garage and small backyard. Additionnal baby foldable bed if necessary.
2 Bedroom in Mission with quiet bedrooms with comfy large beds and huge living room with a fireplace.  Easy access to BART & MUNI, amazing coffee and the best restaurants and bars in San Francisco.  97 Walk Score / 100 Transit Score / 99 Bike Score!
2 bedroom in-law apt has its own entrance w/ direct access to a landscaped backyard. Charming & sunny neighborhood w/ easy access to downtown SF. Within walking distance to Dolores Park & 24th St which boasts many quaint shops & delicious eateries.
2 Bedroom Suite 2 Full Bathrooms -Entire Floor  Panoramic views in San Francisco's dynamic SoMA neighborhood.Panoramic views in San Francisco's dynamic SoMA neighborhood. This brand new, 1,200 square foot, suite of luxury living is gorgeous and open space. Spanning the entire floor, this home is elegantly appointed with hardwood floors throughout and top-of-the-line finishes. Every room offers incredible views of the city and bridge in a wonderful layout
2 bedroom/1 bath private loft studio in the heart of SOMA
2 bedroom/1 bathroom apartment with spacious & comfortable accommodations and easy parking.  Well connected with public transit and a short walk to the Castro/Cole Valley/Haight neighborhoods.  Quiet area yet close enough to all your heart desires.
2 Bedroom/2 bath apartment in perfect Pacific Heights location! A few blocks to Union St (Marina), Polk St (Russian Hill), and Fillmore St for great restaurants, bars, and shopping. You can walk or uber everywhere quickly!
2 bedroom/2 bathroom loft-like designer flat near Pacific Ocean & Golden Gate Park, ideal for two couples or a family. A quiet neighborhood, with simple & upscale restaurants, cafes, bars. Nature walks, art museums, easy buses to Center City & beyond
2 bedrooms 2 baths
2 bedrooms 2 baths apartment by Moscone center. Walking distance to financial district, shopping, restaurants and bars etc, too many to list
2 Bedrooms one bath  on  this  floor. Beautiful, quiet, safe near USF.   Open,  clean,  bright, airy. complete kitchen, new bathroom , piano, Proximity to  stores, USPS, three hospitals,  Golden Gate Park, the Presidio, stores. 15 mins bus downtown.
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, lounge with sofa (could sleep a 5th person), kitchen/dining and outside deck for dining. Lovely garden setting. Close to to public transport.
2 blocks away from the tech shuttle pickup, BART, restaurants, bars, shops, parks, it's always sunny in the Mission. Top floor of a 3-story with 4 bedrooms, carpeted, modern kitchen, empty closet, comfy bed, amazing roof top with great views.
2 blocks from beach, 5 min walk Very walkable or bikeable neighborhood Dining/living room, available for communal use, w high-end entertainment center Extremely safe neighborhood, easy parking Limited kitchen use available, for coffee/tea
2 blocks from beach, 5 min walk Very walkable or bikeable neighborhood Dining/living room, available for communal use, w high-end entertainment center Extremely safe neighborhood, easy parking Limited kitchen use available, for coffee/tea
2 blocks from beach, 5 min walk Very walkable or bikeable neighborhood Dining/living room, available for communal use, w high-end entertainment center Extremely safe neighborhood, easy parking Limited kitchen use available, for coffee/tea
2 Blocks from Caltrain, Bus & Taxi Rank 2 Queen Beds w/ Pillow-top Mattresses Family Friendly, Convenient for Downtown, Union Square, Financial District, AT&T Park Giants Stadium, Bay Bridge, Embarcadero, Moscone Center, Bart, SOMA, King Street
2 Blocks from Caltrain, in SOMA. Walking distance to Moscone Center, Market Street, and AT&T Park. Entire unit, which includes 2 bedrooms (with Cal King bed and full-sized futon bed), 2 bathrooms (only one with shower) and large couch.
2 blocks from Hayes Valley, Outdoor Patio, Great view of the city, 2 blocks from Hayes Valley
2 blocks from the Embarcadero, bart and walking distance to  numerous Super Bowl official activity sites
2 blocks from the N Judah, by Golden Gate Park and the heart of the inner sunset. This large bedroom has high ceilings, a big bay window, hardwood floors and a queen bed, plus a large desk, a loveseat, a full-sized keyboard and plenty of storage.
2 blocks/200 steps to Ocean Beach  Comfortable Upstairs Flat Close to GG Park, SF Zoo  Public Transportation Quality Stores & Restaurants
2 BR, 2 BATH apartment with 3 Full Beds and a Futon + Giant Beanbag. Rent and stay in one of the best luxury buildings in downtown San Francisco. - Located by Caltrain / AT&T park - Pet friendly - Gym, rock climbing wall - In-unit Wash/Dryer
2 BR/1 BA home in SF. Kitchen, separate dining rm, living rm. 2 Blocks to Bart and minutes away from Super Bowl events in Downtown San Francisco. Easy access via Freeway to Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara for the Super Bowl!
2 BR/2 BA condo overlooking the San Francisco Bay with unobstructed views of Golden Gate Bridge, Angel Island, Alcatraz; + 360 degree views from roof deck of FiDi, Pac Heights, Presidio.  Spacious, modern, fully equipped kitchen, no personal clutter.
2 cats live in this shared 2 BR apartment, & you get to choose the room you want
2 fully furnished large upgraded rooms in a large penthouse apartment with great views of the golden Gate Bridge and Coit tower. All hardwood flooring, private attached bathroom with a large shower with 2 shower heads. Internet and cable included.
2 large bedrooms in the heart of the city. 5 min walk to the mission district and downtown. Quick walk to BART stop and Muni. House comes with large tv, cable and Wifi. Modern kitchen with granite counter tops. There is a front and back door entrance
2 level 2800sf house-like flat. Main level: Master (king) & kid (dbl) BRs. Upstairs: shabby-chic attic w/ addl giant guest BR perf for teens or family and sleeps 4-6 w/ huge open playroom equipped w/ toys, trampoline.  Casual elegant design. VIEWS.
2 level, spacious loft-style condo with 1 bed - 1.5 baths in SOMA.
2 private adjoining bedrooms separated by a connecting door with lock. Rooms are in a typical 4BR  SF Victorian house located in the Mission, one of SF's sunniest neighborhoods. You’ll be within blocks from many popular cafes, restaurants, & bars.
2 private bedrooms in a 3BR, 1 ½ bath top floor flat on top of sunny Potrero Hill. Both bedrooms have queen size beds and one bedroom has a Flat screen TV. Home offers an open floor plan with spacious, light filled living/dining/kitchen area.
2 spacious light filled bedrooms with closet space, Ample storage space throughout, Bart: Near Civic Center and 16th Street Stations, Bike porch, Brand new W/D in separate laundry room, Buzzer/Intercom, Close to Caltrain
2 story Craftsman in Cole Valley. 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath with a back deck, garden and garage.  Great restaurants and services a 3 min. walk to Cole Street.  Golden Gate Park is a 15 min. walk. Great public transit to anywhere in the SF Bay area. Sonos Sound System
2 story, 1500 sqft condo located on hip Valencia street,  2 blocks  from the famous Dolores Park. It features 2 balconies and a spacious, private roof deck with a propane heater and table for 6. Surrounded by restaurants and cafes. Kid friendly.
2 Story, 2 BR, 2 Full Bath  flat in one of SF's hottest neighborhoods. A few blocks to Divisadero corridor, home to some of best new restaurants and bars in SF. Walking distance to Golden Gate park and iconic Haight/Ashbury district.
2 twin-bed (or 1 'short-king' bed) room in the 4-star Payne Mansion Hotel Perfect location, central to everything! Sky-light with retractable cover, and more 'European' type room with bathroom across the hall
2-3 bedroom, 2 bath home located in sunny Noe Valley. On top of a hill with spectacular views! Walk down our hill to 24th Street and find restaurants, shops, bakeries, bars, banks, groceries and on Saturday the most amazing Farmers' Market in town!
2-BR Victorian flat near Valencia Corridor, a vibrant, multicultural area, great for foodies, music, art galleries, bars, etc. Flat has style, comfort, charm with everything you need for a great stay. Convenient & easy access to everything.
2-level, 2 bedroom + 1 den, 2 and a half bathroom condo with 2 spacious sunny patios. View of Twin Peaks from upper patio. Building facade features a mural that is on the tourist facade tour. Kids-friendly. Close to public transportation, coffee shops, galleries, markets.
2-story luxury flat in Queen Anne Victorian building located on popular street in coveted NOPA neighborhood.  Just 2 blocks from Alamo Square Park and the Historic Painted Ladies and just steps to SF's best restaurants, coffee shops and live music.
2,000 sq. feet! Fab downstairs in-law apartment (part of a house) with separate entrance: large bedroom, 2 living areas, amazing view & lovely garden.  3 minute walk to public transport.  One month rental preferred (I will be in Europe Dec-Jan).
2.5 miles (30 min walk) to Super Bowl City on the Embarcadero and 2 BLOCKS TO CAL-TRAIN to get to Levi Stadium for SuperBowl.  Parking space available inside building garage.  Uber to any hotspot in the city for ~$15.  Perfect location for SF/game
20 Mins to Downtown/ VIEWS/ PRIVACY/ SERENITY/PARKING-The Master Suite w/MAJESTIC VIEWS,attached private bath, desk/sitting area. Please enjoy the living room w/ VIEWS, dinning room & kitchen too. People from the world over have enjoyed their stay !
2000 square ft home (dual level), modern, stylish, great views.   -access to entire house (with the exception of 1 bedroom).  -2 bedrooms available to rent (air mattress available to increase sleeping space).   -2 full bathrooms -additional room which serves as a wine cellar and separate office
2200 sq ft home sitting in the center of the city, in a quiet upscale neighborhood. Enjoy the hustle/bustle of the city on the East and the natural outdoor beauty of the West. With Presidio Park in the North and Golden Gate Park in the South.
2200 SQFT, 3 BDR condo on quiet street in central Potrero Hill neighborhood. Luxurious hot tub on deck overlooking spectacular view of San Francisco. 2 blks from restaurants, cafes. Easy access to bus & train lines, minutes away from the downtown.
24 hour Door Man! Swimming Pool! 360 Degrees Roof Deck! Multiple Conference Rooms! Club Room! Sunrise & Sunset  Fr Every Room! VIEWS  Fr Every Room ! New Building! Modern Decor! Luxury Living! Center of Shops +Museums + Restaurants + Bars + Park
2BD, 2BA Noe Valley apartment. Huge living room windows tower over Castro Valley and flaunt a view of downtown SF, the Bay Bridge, and the waters surrounding Oakland. Public transportation w/in walking distance.
2BD/2BA modern condo in the center of SF. A walker's paradise (Walk Score of 97) and near public transportation (Transit Score of 100). Bedroom includes private bathroom, walk-in closet, lots of natural light, rooftop deck and a garage parking space
2bd/2full bath top floor sunny condo, formal living/dining, gourmet kitchen, private den, hardwood floors, laundry, Internet, 2blocks to Church MUNI, Whole Foods, short walk to Hayes Valley, Castro, Mission-Valencia, Lower Haight, easy street parking
2bed/ 2bath condo in the heart of Pacific Heights! Walk to Fillmore, Union and Polk St.  Close to Super bowl events!  Gated Parking on site. Laundry in unit. Updated in 2012
2bed/1bath  2 TVs with every channel+PS4 and full surround sound. Located 1 mile away from Union  Square, Japantown, Hayes Valley, and the Haight! 1 block away from all the Polk Street Bar Scene.  Incredibly close to the famous Tommy's Joynt
2BR North Beach apartment has a terrace and a private roof deck that offers a 360 view of the city. One bedroom has a queen size bed. The second bedroom has a bunk bed and a trundle. The living room has a sofa that converts to a comfortable bed.
2BR-2BA flat in Mission Dolores. Steps to Dolores Park and Valencia Street corridor, with all of its restaurants and shopping. Bi-rite market and creamery, Tartine bakery and Delfina Pizza are all one block away.
2BR/1.5BA with large SF backyard including firepit, cabana and bar, wifi, updated kitchen, cozy, bright, faces park. Easy access to hwy 101/280,  allday free parking. 5-7 min drive to Bart- Glen Park/Bernal Height/Mission. 10min drive to downtown SF.
2BR/1BA two blocks from Mission, super close to restaurants and bars without the noise and traffic.  Great public transportation options - Bart and Muni bus lines are both right around the corner.  McLaren Park, SF's second largest park, is just up the street.
2br/2ba apartment in Castro. Dining room table with seating for eight. Living room with ample seating, bay window with window seat. Shower/tub. Queen bed in each bedroom. Hardwood floors throughout.
2nd floor available in 2 story apartment.   Private bedroom with queen bed,  Mini Fridge,  TV Private kitchen Private bathroom  Living room w/ 3D projector Balcony, Fireplace Weights
2nd floor flat offers: - 3 bedrooms has 4 beds: 1 queen, 2 full, 1 twin bed - 1 updated bathroom - kitchen has gas range, oven, dishwasher, fridge - Dining set seats 6 people - Living room has a sofa & flat screen TV. - Laundry washer & dryer onsite - near BART subway & J line - street parking
2nd floor of a newly renovated building in Lower Pacific heights! Easily accessible to bus lines & 5 min from Fillmore St. Massive bedroom w/ full bath inside. This apt shares the living room & kitchen with the 2nd occupant (separate bedroom & bath).
2nd floor walk up in a charming SF apartment in Russian Hill has a kitchen, a living room, hardwood floor. The room listed is the biggest room in the apartment and it will be furnished with a bed, armoire, vanity table, built-in shelves.
3 Bed Hse 2000sf -large new modern 3 bed/3 bath house with west facing large private garden and Koi pond.  Modern kitchen, grill in the large yard, private sauna. Directv, wifi, 2000+ square feet, dog negotiable. Garage parking +$50 per day
3 bedroom and 3 full bathroom self standing house. Great views from an even better location. Main San Francisco attractions at your reach. Finish your day relaxing from our top deck hot tub overseeing the bay bridge lights and the city at your feet.
3 Bedroom Family and Pet Friendly Victorian.  Great Excelsior Location.  Very walkable 3 blocks to Mission Street.  Close to public transit, Mclaren Park and easy freeway access.  Soft wood floors and French doors which open to a sunny deck & yard.
3 Bedroom Home with queen size beds, newly remodeled kitchen, amazing views, BBQ area, and large dining room table for entertaining friends and family.  This home is very cozy and sits on the top of a hill in the Excelsior district of San Francisco.
3 bedroom, 2 bathroom home in coveted Noe Valley neighborhood of San Francisco.  It is 2 blocks from the great bars, restaurants and shopping of 24th St.  It also fantastic public transportation options to Dreamforce.
3 bedroom/3 bathroom Alamo Sqaure/NOPA flat with two furnished living rooms (one with enormous fireplace) for rent for Super Bowl weekend. One block from both the 5 bus (to Union Square) and the 22 bus (to the Mission).
3 bedrooms/ 2.5 bathrooms. 2 bedrooms w King Size Beds. 1 bedroom w crib but can take out crib and put in aero mattress. Open Plan Gorgeous.
3 blocks from Presidio Gate; 4 blocks from Lion Street Steps
3 blocks to Ocean Beach, 2 blocks to Golden Gate Park, steps to public transportation and local cafes and restaurants including Tahn Long, Outerlands and Trouble Coffee. Family friendly updated 3 bed 1 bath home with huge landscaped yard.
3 blocks to Outside Lands!
3 BR 2 Bath remodeled with all the modern amenities. 2 levels with privet decks amazing views. Located  in Excelsior, great restaurants, bars, and public transport are steps away.
3 Br Massive over 2,000sqft in NOPA right by park Very bright. 14' high ceilings Classic Victorian Perfect for couples or families 3 blocks from Divisadero corridor - Food lover heaven 10min walk to Golden Gate Park 5 min walk to Hight Ashbury
3 BR/2 BA Victorian flat beautifully restored with all the charming details, the comfort of modern amenities plus a beautiful garden to hang out in. One block to public transportation, walking distance to many great restaurants, shops and parks.
3 BR/2 BA Victorian flat beautifully restored with all the charming details, the comfort of modern amenities plus a beautiful garden. One block to public transportation, walking distance to many great restaurants, shops and parks.
3 private bdrooms, 1 air mattress in common area, huge kitchen, in unit washer and dryer. Located near Caltrain, Bart, major freeways, AT&T Park. Walking distance from Whole Foods, Anchor Brewery, restaurants and bars. 2.8 miles from Super Bowl City!
3 Rooms and 2 bath available space in a large loft space. Great location near public transportation, downtown, AT&T Park, AMTRAK station, muni line and new restaurants. We have a great little piece of heaven here in the dog patch. A great place to get away from the busy city vibe yet right near it all. The great thing about our place is that it is quite and very calm during the nights and evenings. There is no road noise or cars to be heard. It makes for a very peaceful rest. There is parking
3 story Victorian house in Glen Park.   3 BRs (2 queen beds and 2 twin beds), as well as 3 very comfortable couches,  2.5 baths, deck, garden, and off street parking.  Walking distance to village, BART, bus.  Easy access to freeway for Super Bowl!
3-level traditional home on a beautiful, tree lined street in SF. Perfect for families or groups. Direct yard access from the open kitchen/family room/breakfast area. We absolutely adore our home and think you will too!
3-night weekend stay, March 10-13 in a hotel size room in Worldmark By Wyndham resort in Downtown San Francisco. Walk to Union Square, Nob Hill, financial district, Chinatown, North Beach.  Mini frig, microwave, dishware, TV, gym, laundry, doorman.
3-nites for Dreamforce 2016, 10/04-10/07. Walk to Moscone Center. Luxurious 1-BR condo in Union Square. Partial kitchen, living area, dining area, separate bath, Queen bed and Queen Sleeper. Fitness Center and Game Room are complimentary. Laundry facilities are available on odd level floors with complimentary detergent.  Wyndham Canterbury is 1 mile (walking) to Moscone Center (approximately 18 minutes). There is a $36/night valet charge with in/out priveleges. .
3-Story home in heart of Noe. Sweeping city views. Master king suite has 800 thread count sheets & quality pillows. Modern kitchen & great room & wood fireplace on 2nd floor. 1st floor has queen bed, bath & TV den. Redwood hot tub in garden. Parking
3,000+ square foot Victorian single family home in Pacific Heights. Extensively remodeled in 2015 with a contemporary interior and luxury finishes and an amazing chefs kitchen.
30 days minimum stay...  Almost 200 rave reviews! Please check the reviews and ask me anything I didn't include yet.. This is a great Duboce Park / Castro House. It's big and beautiful with period details and a very San Francisco feel to it.
30 days minimum stay... 150 rave reviews! This is a junior 1 bedroom apartment right off the garden. It has its own entrance, is private and quiet. Location is close to Duboce Park and Castro neighborhoods.
30 Night Minimum Reservation. Entire Studio. New Offering By 5 Star Host With Reviews Listed in Host Profile. Newly Furnished and New Wood  Floor.
30 Night Minimum Stay.  This is a Long Term Rental In San Franciso. San Francisco Short-Term Residential Rental Registration  Number STR-0000975
30 Night Minimum Stay. This Is A Long Term  Rental In San Francisco. San Francisco Short-Term Residential Rental Registration  Number STR-0000975
300 sq ft studio unit on the ground floor facing the garden: -1 queen bed, a sofa chair, TV and closet - Small bathroom - kitchen has a gas range + oven, fridge, microwave, coffee maker - washer & dryer onsite - Street parking - walk to stores, restaurants, J light rail stop & Glen Park BART subway
3000+ square foot 5 bedroom detached home, 5 bedroom, 3 bathrooms.  Picture windows from living-dining room with amazing vista views, Den -TV room with sofa (full) sleeper, 3 Queen bedrooms, 1 Full bed, huge Great Room.
374 clean square feet (ground floor) in SoMA with an easy walk to San Francisco attractions. Comfy pull-out couch-bed. Great shower. Functional, small kitchen. Nestled on a quiet street away from nearby hustle and bustle.
3BR (+ library/guest room) modern, light-filled family-friendly home
3BR family home, equipped kitchen, dining and living room,  side deck and garden. Main floor w/ 3BR for guests. Master suite-occupied by me- on lower level . My suite has separate bath & entrance so guests have privacy. SF STR PERMIT NO. STR0000 612
3BR, 2.25 bath lower Haight house. Downstairs has a full screening room, laundry and oversized third bedroom. Upstairs has master bedroom, second bedroom, kids playroom, living room, kitchen and outdoor space.
3BR/2BA modern apartment with some of the best views of the Bay Bridge, Financial District, Coit Tower and more! All modern appliances and contemporary furniture. High end luxury and ALL of my listings get 5/5 star reviews!
3BR/3BA open layout 2 story apartment with an upgraded kitchen, hardwood floors and fire place. 3 blocks to muni subway
3BR/3BA single family home, UNBEATABLE location. Outstanding rooftop, top-design luxury new furniture, living room with Golden Gate view, formal dining room, fully equipped kitchen, office/studio area, garage.. all you need to spend a few days visiting San Francisco in an elegant setting with no compromises. On the top of the most desirable hill & neighborhood of San Francisco, walking distance from all must-see destinations, amazing restaurants and close to SF's business heart.
3rd floor walkup with a great view of the city, super comfy queen sized bed and a pull out couch.  Private full bath in your room.   Full of sunlight, and tall ceilings, this is a great room to experience the charm of San Francisco.  We provide 1500 thread count sheet and Kiehls bath products.  You are always invited to join for meals with our guests.
4 bedroom home in the center of all San Francisco has to offer. Perfect place to set up shop and enjoy the Super Bowl weekend. Steps away from Fort Mason, Crissy Field, Lombard Street, and other SF landmarks.
4 Bedroom house with 4 Queen Beds in quiet neighborhood. Free WiFi and laundry.  32" Roku TV in each bedroom.  Street parking only.
4 bedroom, 3 1/2 bath house for a comfortable stay for you and your family.  Easy access to many delicious restaurants and chic shops within walking distance.  Secure garage parking is available.
4 bedrooms 2 1/2 baths in this lovely Victorian. Completely up-to-date, tastefully furnished and decorated. Steps away from gourmet delights on Clement Street, including the Sunday Farmers' Market. Easy Muni access to/from downtown/Union Sq/GG Park (PLEASE NOTE: furniture in pictures may be different)
4 bedrooms downstairs with a full kitchen, bathroom & utility room (including washer and dryer). Same floor plan upstairs which is all common space including a 2nd full bathroom. A deck that can fit 30+ people and 270 degree views of FiDi to Alcatraz
4 flights of stairs lead to private, sunny balcony w/ grill and table overlooking a shared garden.  Pull-out couch & bedroom accommodate 4.  Located just 2 blocks from fine dining, cafes, markets, boutiques, parks, public transportation, and more!
4 minute walk to super bowl city
4 Nights at the boutique Inn at the Opera during Oracle OpenWorld 2015 (Oct. 25-29).  The Inn at the Opera is only 1.5 miles from the Moscone Center, the hub of activity during OpenWorld.  The Ballet studio unit sleeps 2 people in a queen size bed and is equipped with a television, a nightstand with a lamp, a desk or round table with two chairs and a kitchenette (microwave oven, coffeemaker, refrigerator, and a sink). Includes plush bathrobes in bathrooms and daily complimentary breakfast.
4 Nights at the boutique Inn at the Opera during Oracle OpenWorld 2015 (Oct. 25-29).  The Inn at the Opera is only 1.5 miles from the Moscone Center, the hub of activity during OpenWorld.  The Ballet studio unit sleeps 2 people in a queen size bed and is equipped with a television, a nightstand with a lamp, a desk or round table with two chairs and a kitchenette (microwave oven, coffeemaker, refrigerator, and a sink). Includes plush bathrobes in bathrooms and daily complimentary breakfast.
400 SQ FT SUITE WITH SEPARATE ENTRANCE. INCLUDES WIFI, FLAT SCREEN TV, PRIVATE BATH, MICROWAVE, AND FRIDGE.  SPACIOUS WITH CONCRETE FLOORS. STREET PARKING. HOUSE IS LOCATED  1 BLOCK FROM SHOPS AND RESTAURANTS.   2 PEOPLE MAX. NO PETS  (STR-0000134)
420 Friendly . Ton's of great bus line's and subways within three block's. As well as GOLDEN GATE PARK, Dining, shopping and bar's.  The unit comes equipped with a lush/sunny backyard , wireless INTERNET, full kitchen , W/D,  and dining room!
446 sp foot studio with full big kitchen, closet space, work desk, and big bathtub. Its quiet, light and a home away from home. There's a great coffee shop across the street. Downstairs is the restaurant Liholiho, a 5 minute walk from Union Square and Market Street shopping. You’ll love my place because of the light, the comfy bed, the kitchen, and the coziness.  There's a queen bed, WIFI, in building laundry/dryer. All the works for making a great dinner & have a glass of wine.
5 Bedrooms, (5 separate rooms with 5 beds and 3 sofa beds) 3 full bathrooms, 1/2 bath, Sleeps 12+ WINNER OF THE 2012 HGTV 'House Hunters on Vacation San Francisco'!  Best Vacation Home.
5 close blocks to the beach!  My place is close to San Francisco Zoo, Stern Grove Festival, Java Beach, and Lake Merced. You'll love my place because of the location. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families (with kids), and groups. -garage will be locked and there will be no access to the backyard, sorry.
5 min from the beach, 5 min from public transportation, this bedroom has been remodeled and is very quiet and comfortable! Private bathroom, walking closet, opens to the backyard. Entrance through the garage. No kitchen except for a coffee machine, micro-wave oven, and a mini-fridge.
5 min walk to AT&T Park, 2 blocks to the Bay, easy access to the best of the best  of SF. Private master suite (bdrm/ba) in a 2bd/2ba apartment. Share living/kitchen. Free access to gym, hot tub, etc. Walk to Muni, CalTrain & free shuttle to BART!
5 min walk to Bart & Muni Close to Mission, Hayes Valley & Polk street Walking distance to Markets, Trader Joe's, SF fitness Citizen Band, Radius, Triptych, Basil Thai, Oola, Zero Zero, Bloodhound, City Beer, Bergerac, Odd Job, Dirty water, etc
5 min walk to.. Fisherman's Warf/Pier 39 Washington Square in North Beach North Point Center (Safeway, 24hr fitnes, Walgreens..) Stunning views of Golden Gate, Alcatraz, Russian Hill and Coit Tower 2 bed 1 bath with kitchen, living room and back enclosed porch/dining area.
5 minute walk to bustling 9th Avenue & Irving with diverse range of cafes, bars, restaurants and public transport (20 min to city center on Muni N line). 10 minute walk to Golden Gate Park, home to the de Young Museum and Academy of Sciences.
5 minutes away from SF State, residential area, super easy to find parking. It costs around $20 with uber from pretty much anywhere in the city to get here.  Public transportation costs less than $3.
5-Star Rated SF Suites near Union Square: February 1 - 8, 2016. Complimentary sherry, wine and hors d'oeurves served daily Daily maid service.  Convenient to transportation, entertainment, shops and restaurants Fully equipped kitchen.
500 sq ft. jr 1 bedroom apartment. Queen memory foam bed, new stove and cabinets, 11 foot ceilings, gorgeous bay windows, and original crown moldings.  Classic San Francisco in a great neighborhood.
5br/1ba top floor apartment in NoPa with 50" Plasma TV in living room; garden with seating & fire pit; full kitchen with dishwasher; two Queen beds and three Full beds; hardwood floors throughout; on-site washer/dryer; Big Buck Hunter arcade game.
5minutes by walk at  Muni Station San Francisco Sate University
5th floor, fully renovated, one bedroom with living room views of the painted ladies, Alamo Square and downtown San Francisco. 3 blocks from Divisadero/Hayes restaurants and bars.  Gourmet kitchen, premium cable - high-quality finishes throughout.
6 blocks from beach, 1 block to Golden Gate Park, 1 block to N Judah train to downtown. Nearby cafes and restaurants. Furnished, granite kitchen w/ stainless steel appliances. Tiled bathroom. Double pane windows. Internet, DirectTV, washer/dryer.
6:00 am. Lying on the bed First sunlight go through the bay bridge  Gently touch your face  To wake you up ... 8:00 am Make some jogging. The route of coit tower, Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard street... Your choice ... 12:00 pm Shopping, entertaining, name it ~~ Walking distance to union square ... 7:00 pm No need parking Enjoy the restaurants and bars downstairs ... 11:00 pm  Lying on the bed Moon is rising from bay  accompany you to sweet dream ... C'est la vie ^_^
6+months guests only.  please check for long term rental price.
600 sq feet studio space to be shared.  Full shower and bathroom access, and your own sleeping mattress. Located in the most central SF location (Lower Nob Hill) nearby Union Square, Downtown, and all attractions for Super Bowl weekend.
620 sq ft, junior one-bedroom.  Full bed, spacious closet.  Bedroom screened from living room, where futon converts to second full-sized bed.  Whole area filled with light.  Large kitchen and dining area in back look out on gorgeous garden.
675 sf of space as central as it gets, a block away from SF's most loved neighborhoods. Only a 1/2 block off Valencia St, everything SF has to offer is at your fingertips. Includes large back patio! Public transport around each corner. Come explore!
7 NIGHT MINIMUM 3 bedroom centrally located. Great neighborhood close to almost everything.  Easy Parking.  Great home.
700 sq ft luxury 1BR apartment with two queen size beds. 2nd queen size bed is a pullout couch. Doorman bldg apt located in downtown SF and a 5 min walk from the Ferry Building and Super Bowl City. Apt looks over Bay Bridge.
750 sq foot unit with a panoramic view of downtown and a dedicated off street parking space.  Enjoy the quiet and safety of one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco while having easy access to all the vibrancy the city offers.
750 sq ft studio with separate kitchen in a great location. Just one block from Golden Gate Park, the space offers some of the best food in SF with multiple transportation options at your door step. All the comforts of home in the beautiful city.
850ft, fully loaded, modern apartment on 1st floor in beautiful and safe neighborhood. Secured access building w/ guard on-site 24/7. WALK TO SUPER BOWL CITY + Safeway, Walgreens, Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Embarcadero - within 1 block radius.
9 miles from San Francisco International Airport, by connecting Highway 101 around 10 minutes to arrive! One minute walk is the bus station:8;9;29.Easy access to SF attractions and Exhibitions.The deck also has a beautiful view of the SF skyline
900 Sq Ft 7th floor Pacific Heights Apartment with panoramic bay views of the Bay.. Yes, that's correct. See the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz from your bed as you wake up in the morning.
950 square foot loft space with an 18' ceiling.  Includes a kingsize bed, full kitchen, 2 full bath, and a king size couch/bed. Proximity to ATT park, Caltrain, The Bay Bridge and Downtown SF.
96 walk score, minutes away from hearts of Noe Valley & Mission, 100s of restaurants, bars, boutiques, BART, Muni, Dolores Park. 15 min to downtown. Only available Super Bowl week. Deck, grill, 2-car garage. Sleeps 6 inc king size pullout.
99 walking score, close to Muni/BART, Market St., Union Square, Macone Convention Center & much more! Top floor, corner loft, lots of light, quiet building, hardwood floors, 1.5 bathrooms, patio & rooftop deck. Close to everything SF has to offer!
A  brand new 400 square foot  in-law studio apartment, separate unit with a private entrance bellow our Victorian home on a quiet street.  Apt is  off Valencia street in the heart of the Mission, 2 blocks from the Bart, 10 minutes to downtown.
a "Private Bedroom" in a classic Victorian one block from famous 24th Street in Noe Valley, easy to access the J Church Municipal Railway and the BART system. Best Location you will find in the City!
a "Sun Room" futon in a classic Victorian one block from famous 24th Street in Noe Valley, easy to access the J Church Municipal Railway and the BART system. Best Location you will find in the City!
A 1-BR house in a vibrant  & safe neighborhood. 800 sq ft. Washer/Dryer + Microwave/Stove. Wi-Fi. Close to Caltrain. 5 mins to Muni on 3rd. 7 mins walk to UCSF Benioff Hospital and Mission Bay. Close to Whole Foods. Perfect for the business traveler.
A 1-BR house in a vibrant & safe neighborhood. 650 sq ft. Microwave/Stove. Wi-Fi.  Work friendly space. 5-10 mins to Caltrain @ 22nd St., Muni on 3rd St.. . Just 3 blocks to I-280 onramp. Perfect for the business traveler or a weekend getaway.
A 1200 sq/ft loft that pairs simplistic style with contemporary design to create the ultimate home away from home. Reviews required to book.
A 1912 Edwardian style, remodeled SF home nestled in the quiet hillside of Noe Hill.  Conveniently located atop a quiet neighborhood street with easy walking access to the Mission, Castro, and Noe Valley.  Easy access to public transportation.
A 2-BR house in a vibrant & safe neighborhood. 650 sq ft. Microwave/Stove. Wi-Fi.  Work-friendly space. 5-10 mins to Caltrain on 22nd St., Muni on 3rd St.. Just 3 blocks to I-280 onramp. Perfect for the business traveler or a weekend getaway.
A 2-story, light-filled upper flat with hard wood floors, a fireplace and a lovely furnished deck with views towards Twin Peaks. 2 upper bdrms, 1 lower, 2 baths. In charming Noe Valley neighborhood with unique shops and restaurants. Centrally located
A 3-story Victorian home on the edge of Noe Valley and Glen Park with a lush garden and deck. A quiet and warm home close to everything SF has to offer.
A 500 sq. ft. 1BR/1 BA apartment that sleeps up to 4 people (1 queen bed & 1 queen sofa bed).  All new furnishings with a top notch kitchen and entertainment setup. The apartment is in a gritty, but vibrant neighborhood with the best ethnic restaurants and coolest bars in SF. 10 minute walk to the BART/MUNI station. If you live in the USA, the keys can be sent/returned via USPS.  Otherwise, they must be picked-up/dropped-off between: Sun 9am - 8pm Mon-Fri 8am - 9pm Sat 9am - 8pm
A 5th Gen. San Franciscan, who loves to host. * Private bedroom and bathroom in a 1,700+ square foot, full floor flat.  * Hardwood floors, carpeted Bedroom, Granite kitchen and large tiled stand up shower  * Roof deck with sitting & eating area.
A beautiful 2 Bedroom apt in the heart of The Mission.  Located on a quiet & safe street this spot is only a 2 block walk to Valencia St (Home to dozens of Cafe's, Bars, Restaurants).   A convenient 5 minute walk to either BART (16th St Stop) or Muni (Church Street Stop) gives you access to anywhere you need to go around the city (especially FiDi or Soma for DreamForce). The Apartment is on the top floor with great views of the city.  It is a spacious, clean & a quiet respite from the city.
A beautiful and comfortable 4 bedroom home located at the border of Pacific Heights and Cow Hollow.  Enjoy life like a local, walking distance from SF's best food, bars & shopping.  This home scored a 93% - A Walker's Paradise on Walkscore!
A beautiful and intimate ground floor event space with soaring ceilings in the heart of Union Square is available for your next function! We have tables, chairs and wonderful bright ambient lighting available for your use.
A beautiful bedroom in our renovated Victorian 3bd/2ba apartment. High ceilings throughout the apartment, a gourmet kitchen, and a large living area.  Best part of the mission, close to Bart, muni, the freeways, and accessible to Caltrain. A ton of great food and nightlife nearby!
A beautiful home conveniently located for all your Superbowl activities.  Easy walking distance to BART/MUNI and access to CALTRAIN for all your Superbowl transportation needs.    Great Kitchen, Dining room, Living room, bedrooms and bathrooms!
A beautiful house with easy access to everything you want to explore in the City. Art filled, with ocean views, a comfortable open plan and a welcoming vibe. Plenty of parking, and across the street from a lovely park.
A beautiful Lower Pac Heights penthouse perfect for someone in transition, traveling for a short or extended time, or apartment searching. Undoubtedly one of the best apartments, in a superbly central location, perfect for experiencing San Francisco.
A beautiful modern house in Noe Valley, in the center of San Francisco, one of the best neighborhood in the city, close to coffee shops and restaurants. This is a 2000 square footage home with three levels, three bedrooms, three bathrooms, a garden.
A beautiful modern loft combining industrial look and feel together with antique furniture pieces and Asian art.  Superb for live-work situation but also for socializing, huge home-theater, vast space and luxurious finishing touches all over.
A beautiful one bedroom with lots of natural sun light. Located in the Mission--deemed the "Brooklyn of SF" but also 3 blocks from Noe Valley, and 5 min walk from the heart of Bernal Heights.
A beautiful one bedroom, tucked away on sunny Potrero Hill, this apartment is the perfect spot for anyone who wants to see the city but also appreciates a little peace and quiet. 
A beautiful private bedroom for longer term rent. We have great REVIEWS from previous guests on my profile: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7433098#reviews We are in the best part of SF (in my opinion at least!) One block away from Muni, public bus stops, and all tech buses. A walk to Downtown Noe Valley, Mitchell's Ice Cream, Toast Eatery, and much more! Fast wifi, Xfinity cable TV with HBO + sports channels, and everything to make you feel at home!
A beautiful private bedroom with shared bath in a lovely turn-of-the-century Victorian house, located in the "epic-center" of everything Mission.  You can walk to all the old/hip restaurants and bars amidst the Latino Mission and the Hipster Mission.
A beautiful remodeled sunny, top floor corner apartment.  Comfortably sleeps 4, huge common space, enjoy our open floor plan! Watch movies projected on the wall!   Convenient location https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/mission-district
A beautiful remodeled three bedroom Victorian in the Castro on a quiet street. This is the most central spot to explore SF, a few blocks from all of the major transport. It’s walking distance to the Mission, Haight Ashbury, and the Parks.
A beautiful room in a 2 bedroom Hayes Valley Victorian flat.
A beautiful room in a North Beach home with scenic views, a great balcony under Coit Tower (perfect for a romantic night!) , a block from Grant and Green (bar scene) walk to pier 39 and fisherman's wharf and Washington Square and lots more!
A beautiful spacious room in a house with the 2 coolest kids in Alamo Square. Public transport and amazing restaurants abound in the area. The closet is spacious, the bed is comfy and the lighting is sexy.
A beautiful, charming garden flat equipped with everything you need for a great stay in SF. Located in the heart of the vibrant Castro District in SF, this garden apartment is steps away from restaurants, bars, shopping, and outdoor activities!
A beautiful, fully remodeled 2-story Edwardian home in San Francisco's historic Liberty Hill. Large decks with panoramic downtown views. Ideally located on Liberty Street, steps away from MUNI and walking distance from Dolores Park, the Mission, Noe Valley, and the Castro. Perfect for a couple or small family.
A beautiful, modern master bedroom with a private bathroom located in the heart of SF - walking distance to restaurants, nightlife, the pier and AT&T ballpark. The unit is very sunny and the building has top amenities like a full health club.
A beautiful, recently renovated victorian style apartment in the heart of the Mission district with the best restaurants/cafes/bars SF has to offer. Dolores Park is 2 blocks and close to SOMA.
A beautiful, spacious apartment in one of the most desirable, quaint, safe, walkable neighborhood.  This large 1-Bedroom has a formal dining room, new bathroom with original clawfoot tub, living room and kitchen.  The cable car is at your doorstep and famous Lombard street just 5 blocks away. It is not directly located on the cable car line and very quiet. Several buses will take you downtown, to BART and caltrain station.
A beautiful, sunny, apartment in the heart of the Haight Ashbury neighborhood. Includes a lovely private garden, bedroom, living room, kitchen, dining room and bathroom. Walk to Golden Gate park or take quick Muni or bus to anywhere in the City.  
A beautifully appointed Russian Hill flat located on Green Street, steps from the vibrant shops and restaurants of Polk Street. Remodeled kitchen + bathrooms, living room, family room, two bedrooms, in-unit laundry, deck, street parking permits available for extra fee.
A beautifully decorated 1925 house with mountain view, in a quite upscale San Francisco neighborhood. Two minute walk to a metro station and to a commercial street.  Free street parking. Easy access to freeways, beachs, zoo,  parks, museums, etc.
A beautifully restored Victorian in a quiet neighborhood, next to the incredible Mission restaurant scene and Valencia St shops. Easy access to Levi's Stadium (near both major highways and 1 block from BART).
A Belgian designer furnished workspace close to everything in San Francisco. Your living space is shared with another roommate. Workspace has many desks and corners to be productive all day. The Nest is close to Italian Cafes and historic landmarks.
A Belgian designer furnished workspace close to everything in San Francisco. Your living space is shared with another roommate. Workspace has many desks and corners to be productive all day. The Nest is close to Italian Cafes and historic landmarks.
A Belgian designer furnished workspace close to everything in San Francisco. Your living space is shared with another roommate. Workspace has many desks and corners to be productive all day. The Nest is close to Italian Cafes and historic landmarks.
A big-view deck and a bright, roomy bungalow, all newly remodeled: fresh bathroom, clever work space and full kitchen. Kick back on deck couches,  dine al fresco, and sleep with downtown views. Muni, 2 blocks; Bart 6.  A quiet Bernal perch.
A bit of glam blended with traditional details in this comfortable Edwardian flat.  Situated on a quiet block in the historic Nob Hill neighborhood, it is an ideal haven to explore many of the city's best sights just a short walking distance away.
A block from the bart, 10 minutes from Dolores and 15 minutes from Hayes Valley. Small bedroom but queen size bed and large living room.
A brand new in-law apartment with a private entrance.  Its is close to 24th Street BART - easy to get to from SFO and OAK - easy to get down town. On the Noe / Mission border next to the Valencia restaurant corridor. You’ll love my place because of its a brand new, quiet space with great access to all San Francisco has to offer.  2BR 1BA with a full kitchen. Underfloor radiant heat to keep you toasty in the San Francisco chill.
A brand new luxury apartment building with a great view. Floor to ceiling windows, clean luxury bathroom with a lovely shower. Just steps away from the train and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Look forward hosting you! FULLY FURNISHED!!
A brand new luxury apartment building with a great view. Floor to ceiling windows, clean luxury en-suite bathroom with a lovely shower. Just steps away from the train and many shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Look forward hosting you!
A brand new luxury apartment building with a great view. Floor to ceiling windows, clean luxury en-suite bathroom with a lovely shower. Just steps away from the train and many shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Look forward hosting you!
A bright and airy two bedroom apartment in outer sunset. 5 minute walk from ocean beach and golden gate park.
A bright front bedroom in a 1906 Castro Edwardian with two loving cats awaits you. Perfect for a quick visit to the city where you need access to peaceful home base for exploration.
A bright, comfortable guest room & bathroom in a light-filled apartment with everything you need, just steps from the best shopping, dining and exploring The Mission has to offer. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, soft sheets and the feeling of home. 
A bright, luxe apartment in the heart of the Haight-Ashbury with hardwood floors, high Edwardian ceilings, fully equipped kitchen, Wifi, globe bar, and a high-end king size tempurpedic mattress. Perfect for couples/business travelers.
A bright, modern 3 bedroom+ home with skylights, high ceilings, great views and a gorgeous yard. Peaceful, warm, and fun with modern decor. Walking distance to food/coffee/bars, Dolores park and the trendy Mission district. Easy public transport.
A bright, sunny room in a pleasant hilltop Victorian. Kitchen, laundry, backyard deck and more! Make yourself at home in-between adventures throughout the city- the location is SO convenient!
A cable car stop is 5mins walk to the apartment, making getting around the city a snap. The apartment is a short walk from the Union Square, Chinatown, and Financial District.
A charming family-friendly, cozy home, in a quiet and convenient neighborhood!
A charming ground floor unit with private entrance and french doors that open to a large backyard.  It is pet friendly and offers 1 private bedroom with an additional queen size murphy bed for additional guests.  In unit Washer & Dryer.
A charming hardwood floor with bay window that brings in lots of light, it comfortably fits two. It's centrally located in the vibrant lower nob hill with a 100% walking score. It's about 7 mins walk to union square.
A charming home combined with an amazing location and great weather is tough to find in the city. This is the perfect place for a family looking to explore San Francisco.
A charming studio in the heart of San Francisco. A few blocks away from the Union Square, Powell street cable car, Civic Center BART station and all the hip new bars & restaurants in Lower Nob Hill & Tenderloin.
A charming, cozy studio on a quiet (and very steep) street with garden access and great views of the SF hills.
A charming, large and bright room in the heart of beautiful Westwood Park. Wether you arrive for business or pleasure, this perfect location is affordable as it is convenient.  Access to downtown, airport, and the best of San Francisco is minutes away!
A charming, quiet retreat for your visit to San Francisco.  Located in the Lone Mountain neighborhood, near Golden Gate Park, USF, the Inner Richmond, NOPA, and Haight-Ashbury
A charming, quiet retreat for your visit to San Francisco.  Located in the Lone Mountain neighborhood, near Golden Gate Park, USF, the Inner Richmond, NOPA, and Haight-Ashbury
A charming, spacious 2 bedroom, 1 bath flat with its own private garden oasis in a 1926 mediterranean-style house. Close to Design District, Hall of Justice, AT&T Park, Moscone Center, SoMa niteclubs, Caltrans Station. 15 min. ride to airport.
A cheaper alternative to a super expensive hotel. Located a block away from Ocean Beach and GG Park, near SF state & UCSF. Easy public transportation to Downtown SF.  Newly remodeled Master Bedroom with 1 Queen Bed & Full Bath. Newly remodeled, beautiful backyard to enjoy in the sun.
A cheery, oceanview retreat steps away from restaurants, shopping, and public transport. Sleeps 2-4. Modern conveniences are yours in this newly renovated space. IMPORTANT: Please read Other Things to Note before booking as many questions may be answered there.
A chic and comfortable room in a designer's own home. You will love the neighborhood, one of the best in this world class city. Views, garden, kitchen supplied with all cooking essentials, and a laundry on premises. Walk to Parks, Castro and Haight.
A classic historical flat in a prime neighborhood with lots to do and see, easy access by transit, foot or bike, good food, interesting shopping, and a sense of what feels like to be a true San Franciscan.
A classic Victorian apartment with bay windows, hardwood floors, high ceilings, and cozy bedrooms in the vibrant Mission district.
A classic Victorian condominium in the heart of the action.  Close to Golden Gate Park, Haight and Cole Valley cafes, restaurants, shops and conveniences. Come enjoy city living at its best in this light-filled 2 bedrooms, one bath condominium.
a classic Victorian one block from famous 24th Street in Noe Valley, easy to access the J Church Municipal Railway and the BART system. Best Location you will find in the City!
a classic Victorian one block from famous 24th Street in Noe Valley, easy to access the J Church Municipal Railway and the BART system. Best Location you will find in the City! The run of the home with some shared spaces: kitchen, balcony, sun room
A classic, spacious home with a beautiful kitchen in the heart of San Francisco. Centrally located in Hayes Valley, just blocks from the best restaurants, cafes, and shopping in SF. Golden Gate park and the Mission are each a 15 minute walk.
A clean and comfortable apartment in San Francisco. Close to restaurants,bars, and stores right in the heart of Embarcadero. One bedroom,one bath, great location. Non smokers only.
A clean and cozy cottage located in the heart of the Marina. -Modern 2 bedroom apartment perfect for a summer getaway. -One block away from popular shopping center  -Short walk to the Golden Gate Bridge -Two mounted HDTVs
A comfortable and well-situated apartment, perfect for exploring San Francisco. Potrero is a quaint, sunny, and quiet neighborhood that's still close to everything you need. Easy access to SOMA, Mission, and the peninsula (by train.)
A comfortable ground floor suite in a 4 bed/3 bath house, located in the heart of the Mission. Our two-story home is very spacious, and features a zen yard that will surprise you. Steps to the best restaurants, bars, shops, and famous Dolores Park! (SF STR registration: STR-Nº518)
A comfortable room in a beautiful home  in the best neighborhood in San Francisco. Easy to access the rest of San Francisco and a great place to rest your bones.
A comfortable room in a conveniently-located Victorian mansion in the Mission District! Queen bed. Shared living space with one or two others. 1/2 mi from hipster bars, tasty restaurants, and public transit.
A comfortable room that is light and spacious, with wifi, premium cable, mini-fridge, microwave, coffee pot in room for our guests. Towels, clean sheets, of course. Check-in runs from 1:00 PM until 10:00 PM..
A cosy and stylish fully furnished 1BD in a very quiet area, 10 minutes walk from the ocean and the Golden Gate Park. Super SPACIOUS (800 sq feet) newly renovated, all furniture are brand new, plenty of free street parking - a rare find in SF! Sunny, calm, the perfect HOLIDAY spot! Commuting to downtown is very easy with a bus stop opposite the building and buses that take 30' downtown and run every few minutes! Close to all great sightseeing spots.
A couch in the Mission! Really close to BART and Dolores Park.
A Cow Hollow authentic Italian family home set right in the heart of one of the most coveted area's in San Francisco. Known for being clean, safe and central. Walking distance to many bars, restaurants, shopping and famous tourist attractions.       
A cozy 1912 Edwardian house with ongoing preservation/restoration.  Private bathroom, private living room, private bedroom, private refrigerator/kitchenette. All not shared with anyone. Furnished with antique furniture and oil paintings. Quiet household + safe neighborhood Take bus outside to downtown SF (23 to 35 minutes), tourist attractions, and SFO airport Drive 2-5 minutes: freeway 280 + 101 entrances Guests have found free street parking without my help. Semi-private parking possible.
A cozy 1912 Edwardian house with ongoing preservation/restoration.  Private bathroom, private living room, private bedroom, private refrigerator/kitchenette. All not shared with anyone. Furnished with antique furniture and oil paintings. Quiet household + safe neighborhood Take bus outside to downtown SF (23 to 35 minutes), tourist attractions, and SFO airport Drive 2-5 minutes: freeway 280 + 101 entrances Guests have found free street parking without my help. Semi-private parking possible.
A cozy and clean apartment (studio) with bed, couch, full kitchen with all amenities you need. Nob Hill neighborhood - it is right downtown SF within minutes walk to Union Square, 3 blocks away from Polk streets with all bars and restaurants.
A cozy and comfortable two bedroom-one bathroom flat with Pacific Ocean views.  Just a minute from restaurants and public transportation to downtown San Francisco or the ocean.  It comfortably fits a family of four.
A cozy and luxurious suite is the ground floor of our  early 1900's Edwardian style house in very safe neighborhood of West Portal with private gated entrance and beautiful garden.  Features one bedroom with queen poster bed - one full custom tiled bath w/  jetted Jacuzzi tub - Convenient kitchenette, continental breakfast included. We are 1/4 block to public transit, restaurants and cafes. Plentiful street parking, driveway parking and other options available, inquire.  15 minutes to downtown.
A cozy and quiet place with privacy and the neighborhood feel of the Sunset, as well as, access to downtown via public transportation. The studio is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids).
A cozy apartment that is quietly away from major streets and faces the backyard, so there is absolutely no noise. Close to the Metro (BART) and buses to take you quickly into town.  Nice shower and comfy studio to hang out and listen to music.  Plenty of places nearby to go eat, shopping, or have a drink.
A cozy apartment with three friendly roommates in the heart of the Mission District. Easy access to all the Mission District and San Francisco has to offer.
A cozy big one bedroom right next to Caltrain for a  30 minute commute for super bowl. Also next to t train which goes to AT&T park and downtown sf prime spots; a ten minute commute. Next to freeway as well.
A cozy big one bedroom right next to Caltrain for a  30 minute commute for super bowl. Also next to t train which goes to AT&T park and downtown sf prime spots; a ten minute commute. Next to freeway as well.
A cozy ground floor apt. for 2, with a small eat-in kitchen. Whether heading downtown or to the beach, the entire City is easily accessible.  The apt. is walking distance to parks, shops, bars, restaurants and right in the center of San Francisco.
A cozy li'll room with full-size bed in a 2BR furnished house, in the heart of the best neighborhood in San Francisco. You'll be sharing the space with my housemate (30/M). He's typically out and about, but you'll know someone local if you need that.
A cozy room in the back of the house (more peaceful) with great sunset views/light and dimmer switch, small back deck, original artwork, clean kitchen and bathroom, loads of organic tea (help yourselves). Private room also includes a small studio in back of flat, to work, create and manifest.
A cozy, first-floor studio located between the Mission and Noe Valley. Great neighborhood location close to wonderful restaurants, bars, shops, Muni and BART. 
A cozy, private ground level studio apartment with its own entrance, looks onto a lush garden with garden access, a walk in closet, a separate eating area, and is 1 block from J Church MUNI streetcar, or about a 15 minute walk to 24th street BART.
A cozy, sunny, garden apartment looking over the park and steps away from historic Haight Ashbury. The living room is quite large and we have a queen size inflatable airbed that is also available for use.
A cute, modern, cottage located in the center of SF. The hot tub in the yard and driveway parking (small car), make this the perfect launchpad and cozy hideaway in sunny Noe Valley. Sleeps four w/ 2 queen beds. Public transportation is convenient.
A cute/simple home in the heart of San Francisco's most popular destinations. Close to the N bus (super bowl transit), 1 Block from the Painted Ladies, 1 Block from Hayes St. with endless Shopping/Bars, and 10 minutes from Superbowl City!
A delightful apartment in a delightful spot. Recently renovated Victorian with modern amenities right in the middle of the happening Mission District. 
A dozen high end restaurants within three blocks, this inner-mission location is one of the most vibrant and exciting in the city. Miles from the summer fog, this location is an excellent place to explore the city from.
A fabulous studio. Location, location, location! Steps to all City transportation. Great light, decor. Versatile. One pull out bed, one twin.
A few blocks from Clement Street and Golden Park, straight across Hellman Hollow and just West of the De Young Museum and The California Academy of Sciences. Ocean Beach is just a 5 minute drive and Baker Beach is 1.4 miles, on the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. Walk to Restaurants of the new and old SF tradition, or cook in the private kitchen.
A few blocks from Golden Gate Park and famous neighborhoods like the Castro, Haight Ashbury, and Hayes Valley. Amazing restaurants, bars, and coffee shops are steps away. Walk 5 minutes to the muni to get downtown or hop on the wiggle bike path just outside. This is the perfect spot to call home for a true San Francisco experience.
A few minutes walk to Hayes Valley, the Mission, Lower Haight, and Soma, this neighborhood has been called the hub for a reason. Steps to the dog park, the skate park, and our neighborhood coffee shop, it's a central home on a quiet side street. 1bed/ 1kitchen/ 0 living room
A few nights stay in this spacious home will give you the perfect taste of San Francisco. Nestled in the heart of the Castro on a charming street, this flat has the perfect location. A fully stocked house, ideal for staying in or hitting the streets.
A front facing sunny bedroom in a second-level flat. Playfully quaint, with shared full kitchen and bathroom. Garden backyard with outdoor couches, propane fire-pit, BBQ & patio heater  - the perfect oasis from the city. Easy access to BART/Muni, CalTrain and downtown.
A full floor apartment with one adult bedroom and one smaller kids room near the hip restaurants and bars in the inner Mission. A perfect place to soak in the neighborhood after a day exploring San Francisco. Walkable to some of the best eats in SF.
A full house in the Mission, next to lots of great restaurants and bars. Very close to Bart- can use public transport to get to the superbowl! 3 bedrooms: Master with King bed, 2nd with a queen bed, and 3rd with an air mattress.
A full one bedroom in-law style home, one block from the most beautiful park in San Francisco.  Sunny 98% of the year, this neighborhood is very quiet but  is walking distance to great restaurants, parks, and historic landmarks.  Apartment has dishwasher, clothes washer and dryer.
A fully furnished one bedroom apartment centrally located in Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco. Bathroom and kitchenette are included in the apartment. 10 Min away from Fisherman's Wharf & Union Square via Cable Car in front of the building.
A fully separate quiet private bedroom in the back of our organic garden with a Meyer lemon tree, olive tree, beautiful flowers, and our organic veggie garden. A full bed with organic sheets, wifi and your own separate entrance.
A furnished room in a 2bed/1bath SF apartment. This apartment is less than a five minute walk from BART/MUNI stations so it's super easy to go out and explore the city! Also very close to downtown so you could easily walk, if preferred.
A futon bed for two in a shared space near everything North Beach has to offer.
A Garden room with private entrance and private bath in the heart of the Haight Ashbury one block from Buena Vista and Panhandle Parks and 3 blocks from the  Divisadero corridor and up and coming NOPA retail district.
A garden setting in a beautiful neighborhood located near West Portal, Golden Gate Park, and convenient public transportation to the rest of the city.  These 3-room  has its own, entrance and parking.
A good size one bedroom/one bath apartment with a fully functional kitchen is available for rent, on the ground floor. Fully furnished with the bedroom opening to the lovely back yard. There is also a flat screen TV in the living room only, cable and internet. There is a flat screen in the bed room for video games. (If you bring an X-box you will be able to use it.)
A gorgeous 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment that is fully furnished in one of the sunniest neighborhoods of SF! The 24/7 staffed concierge building is just over one year old. You'll have access to the gym, outdoor seating, patio, and BBQ area. The kitchen comes fully equipped with all the standard necessities to make your stay as convenient as possible. The place is ideal for anyone that's either visiting SF for the first time or anyone that wants to have a quite place after a long day at work.
A gorgeous bright bohemian pad perfect for up to 5 guests. 2 per ped and one on the couch. This lofted space as a small but mighty kitchen and the modern design creates an open space with 2 bedrooms and a beautiful roof deck.
A gorgeous green hilltop hideaway in the middle of SF, just blocks from all the city's best nightlife venues & restaurants. Nearby neighborhoods include Haight-Ashbury, the Castro, the Mission, Cole Valley, Hayes Valley and Golden Gate Park.
A gorgeous Victorian full of light, a clean bedroom with comfortable bed, gorgeous balcony to lay out on, a full kitchen, and books galore. In a lovely part of the Lower Haight, nightlife and dining close at hand, situated between three parks!
A great get away in the upper Castro, minutes from the Castro, Cole Valley, the Haight, Golden Gate Park and the Mission. Sleeps 5, all the amenities including a full gourmet kitchen, huge shower, laundry, internet and Netflix. Come stay and enjoy!
A great house for families with kids. 2 bedrooms accommodate couples, and one is set up for kids with a bunk bed (2 twin mattresses) and a crib.  Well equipped kitchen (we love to cook), a sunny deck with an outdoor couch and open-plan living.
A great place close to everything the City can offer! Walk to Valencia/Mission, Castro, Lower Haight, Civic Center. BART and MUNI to everywhere! Ride a train to Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square or Downtown. You’ll love my place because of the light, the high ceilings, authentic San Francisco 1907 Edwardian charm with modern kitchen and bathroom in a small building, just remodeled. Good for couples, adventurers, families with kids, and walkers. As central as it gets!
A great place in San Francisco's best neighborhood.  Walking distance to hundreds of excellent restaurants, a huge deck overlooking a luscious back yard, modern decor and even garage parking for one car!
A great place to hang your hat while in SF!  A room with a foam bed, desk, computer if you need it, decent internet access, and closet/dresser for stowage.  Centrally located in the Mission district, you're close to everything you'll need!
A great place to stay in SF to enjoy the super bowl festivities! 2 bedroom 1.5 bath- Washer and dryer in the basement, Gas grill outside, large projector to watch the game. One bedroom has a queen bed- the other bedroom has a folding bed (twin bed).
A great room with a view in a friendly household. New paint + furnishings + 46" TV in your room with Netflix, Hulu, etc. Walk in closet. WiFi. Kitchen (with dining table) & shared bathroom. Public transport hub.
A great room with flat screen TV, heater . House has a TV Roon with a 47" TV and full kitchen. Wi Fii Free for Guests and no pets in the house.
A great room with flat screen TV, heater . House has a TV Roon with a 47" TV and full kitchen. Wi Fii Free for Guests and no pets in the house.
A great view in a friendly household.  A new desk, bed, and a giant walk in closet.  The paint job and furniture are brand new.   Hardwood floor + a new rug.  Netflix, commercial free Hulu, and Amazon prime for your TV + chromecast.
A great way to experience San Francisco, our cottage is a warm and private addition.  With hardwood floors, a first class kitchen and cozy bathroom you'll feel right at home. Use your own pvt entrance to enjoy the unique Potrero Hill neighborhood
A hidden gem in the sought after Marina Neighborhood. Close to great shops, restaurants, Ghiradelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf and more. Enjoy all San Francisco has to offer and still be able to kick back and relax on the quiet and private backyard.
A high-rise flat with oversized windows allow the spectacular scenery to be enjoyed from almost anywhere in the apartment. And the bucolic setting is so peaceful, it’s easy to forget that downtown San Francisco is just minutes away by BART. You’ll love my place because of Whether you’re a runner, a surfer, a golfer or a hiker, my place is what you need. Steps from the beach, the links, the lake and miles of parkland trails, there’s something for everyone who loves the outdoors.
A home away from home. My family has lived here for 20 years and we want to extend the same comfort to you in our 2nd floor flat. Newly renovated, spacious, comfy, and easily accessible.
A huge 3 bedroom light-filled renovated flat with original San Francisco details in the most lively and convenient neighborhood in the city!
A huge bedroom in a light-filled beautiful San Francisco apartment!  Centrally located in the most lively & convenient neighborhood in the city - the Marina!
A huge bedroom w/ nook in a light-filled, beautiful San Francisco apartment! Centrally located in the most lively & convenient neighborhood in the city - the Marina!
A huge private suite in a light-filled renovated flat with original San Francisco details in the most lively and convenient neighborhood in the city!
A huge room available in a brand new apartment in Hayes Valley, with lots of natural light, a modern, well-equipped kitchen, and your own bathroom. Less than one minute walk to great coffee, bars and restaurants; there is no better location in SF!
A huge room available in a brand new apartment in Hayes Valley, with lots of natural light, a modern, well-equipped kitchen, and your own bathroom. Less than one minute walk to great coffee, bars and restaurants; there is no better location in SF!
A jewel box full of art and contemporary comfort.  For the business traveler who prefers a modern space with old world charm.  Loft/Office with WIFI, IMac and printer. Living space with 60" HD TV.  Located in SOMA, a 15 minute walk to downtown SF and Union Square.
A large 1 bedroom apartment located 1 block from Marina Green and the water.  3 blocks from everything Chestnut Street has to offer.  The apartment has beautiful Victorian finishes. Updated kitchen and bathroom.
A large 2BR apt. located in the Russian Hill Neighborhood in the heart of San Francisco. Walking distance to the many tourist attractions: the Mason and Hide Streets cable car lines, Lombard Street, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown,  downtown, etc.
A Large 6 Room Edwardian in warm & sunny Dogpatch/Potrero. Wood floors and a modern kitchen with utensils.  Sleeps in 4 bedrooms: 2 Cal Kings, 1 Full (with a TV) & 1 Single.  2 showers with sinks. 1 toilet ONLY (WC) in its own room.  No parking meter but ON STREET restricted parking.  For more on Parking go to "Detailed Description"The Neighborhood"Getting Around".  You will have room to move in this house. Shopping, good food & great coffee.
A large bedroom in a light-filled renovated flat with original San Francisco details in the most lively and convenient neighborhood in the city!
A large bedroom on top floor of a beautiful victorian home with spectacular views of the city and the bay. Few minutes walk to shops, restaurants and public transit. Room is fully furnished, has tons of closet space and plenty of free street parking
A large family home with excellent views and parking in a quiet and safe residential neighborhood. 3 floors: 4 bedrooms, 3 baths (1 w/jacuzzi tub and 2 showers), 3 double beds, 1 single bunk bed, 2 air-mattresses, 1 living room, 1 family room with netflix & wii dining room with beautiful wooden panels and built in buffet hutch. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, disposal, juicer, toaster, vitamix, ice and water via the  fridge. 2 car driveway parking for SF Permit: STR-OOOO655
A large gorgeous private bedroom with your own bathroom, a comfortable,  queen bed and large couch in  our house. Free parking lot. Convenient commute. 5 minute walk to Safeway, Walgreen, banks and many restaurants. Feel free to cook, use fridge/freezer, washer and dryer.
A large Noe Valley home w/ sweep views. 1st lvl: Large living/dinning area, kitchen, guest ba & br, private deck & yard.  2nd lvl: Large master suite w/ bath & hot sauna, large guest br & ba, deck. 1 car pkg.  Bus 1-block away. Bart/Muni nearby.
A large one bedroom in the heart of Russian Hill with all of the niceties of a modern apt. A 95 walking score means you are steps from... amazing restaurants, Lombard St, cable car, Fisherman's Wharf, shopping & easy public transportation.
A large sized, modernly furnished 2 bedroom/2 bath located on a quiet, serene dead end street bordering the back side of beautiful Stern Grove Park, the location of SF summer's best free concerts in the park.
A large sun filled modern getaway in the heart of San Francisco's Potrero Hill. Windows everywhere with complete privacy and panoramic city views from every window. The best weather in SF, amazing food, massive decks and close to everything.
A large, beautiful bedroom w/ private bath. It's on the top floor of a beautiful victorian in one of the safest, most convenient neighborhoods in the city. Myself and another roommate have moved out and you will be sharing the entire massive house with my 31y/o female roommate.  IMPORTANT: Females preferred since you will share the unit with my female roommate. The bedframe & desk have been moved out but the mattress with all sheets/pillows, the lamp, and the chest of drawers are still there.
A large, bright 1 BR / 1 BA that the pictures don't do justice to. Enjoy an open kitchen, dining room, living room, large bathroom and comfortable bedroom. Private outdoor patio adds additional space to unit.
A large, bright, charming studio apartment located on a quiet street.  Kitchen is fully stocked and bed is very comfortable.  It is conveniently located to Glen Park Village, Bart, Muni and many bus lines to allow you to explore all parts of SF.
A large, modern two bedroom, two bath with den and gorgeous views of the city and Golden Gate Bridge. Our place is great for couples and business travelers.  We have California King bed in the master bedroom.  The second bedroom is currently functioning as a nursery, but we have a large blowup mattress that you could put in there, in the den, or in the living room. Centrally located, walk to nearby neighborhoods, coffee shops, fabulous restaurants, theatres, and magnificent Crissy Field.
A light filled, quiet space.  Where you can come home to. with a garden view and sounds of birds.
A light filled, spacious 1 bedroom apartment. 10ft ceilings, huge sunny deck with bay views. Lots of light, open floor plan, gas fireplace + jacuzzi bath tub. Located in the midst of Pacific Heights. $6,000/month. An ideal retreat few blocks from fun
A lovely colorful and spacious room in a unique home with magical, park like gardens.  Guests can relax in our garden oasis and enjoy City, Golden Gate Bridge and skyline views.  Comfortable double and twin bed.  Very easy parking and bus access!
A lovely colorful and spacious room in a unique home with magical, park like gardens.  Guests can relax in our garden oasis and enjoy City, Golden Gate Bridge and skyline views.  Comfortable double and twin bed.  Very easy parking and bus access!
A lovely colorful and spacious room in a unique home with magical, park like gardens.  Guests can relax in our garden oasis and enjoy City, Golden Gate Bridge and skyline views.  Comfortable Queen and twin bed.  Very easy parking and bus access!
A lovely colorful and spacious room in a unique home with magical, park like gardens.  Guests can relax in our garden oasis and enjoy City, Golden Gate Bridge and skyline views.  Comfortable Queen and twin bed.  Very easy parking and bus access!
A lovely cozy 1 bedroom on the first floor just a few blks from union sq ,cable cars Theater dist 1920s building with updated kitchen and bathroom huge large 1 bedroom with a Tempur-pedic king size bed  60" 4K flat screen tv ,Wi fi ,apple tv ,
A lovely one bedroom apartment in a 1900 Victorian House nestled between 2 of the city's most desirable and fun neighborhoods - the easy going Noe Valley and the bustling/hip Mission. Easy access to public transport, dining, stores, parks and sites.
A lovely single bedroom with a private bathroom with shower/tub combo on the main level of the home. Comfortable linens, desk,soothing art, view of a lover's fountain!Easy access to public transportation/many bus lines. Extra mattress can be added.
A lovely studio in Lower Pacific Heights. A bright, private bedroom suite with bathroom, full bed, and private entry. Near bus lines, upscale shops, bars, restaurants, two parks and Japantown. There's no formal kitchen but a micro, fridge and kettle!
A lovely studio in the super convenient Castro/Duboce Triangle neighborhood. Radiant floor heat. Huge windows overlooking the backyard. Separate entrance. Restaurants, bars, public transpo around the corner!
A lovely, centrally located 2 bedroom with a large backyard.  1 King, 1 Queen, 1 Twin and 1 foldout loveseat sleeps 6 total. the large, open living room and kitchen overlook the garden.
A lovely, centrally located apartment with a large backyard.  The master bedroom with king bed plus a fold out couch in the living room sleep up to 4 people. The large, open living room and kitchen overlook the garden and back deck.
A lovely, high end 2-bedroom home available during SB50 celebration. The condo has its own gym, nearby restaurants and bar. More importantly the SB50 Fan Village is less than 3 blocks away. It is few feet away from freeways.
A lovely, new high rise development at 8th and Market.  Feel at home while you relax in this pristine and comfortable apartment home with all the amenities you would expect in a new luxury building.
A lovely, private suite for 1 - 2 people which includes a full-sized bed, sitting area with workstation and private bath with shower. This is a light-filled. garden-level unit located in a unique Edwardian home. Enjoy Golden Gate park ½ block away.
A lower floor condo in a two unit building on Lombard street, walking distance to everything the Marina/Cow Hollow have to offer.  - Nicely furnished  - Large living Room - Dining Room w/ a table that seats 8 - Kitchen with dishwasher -Laundry
A luxurious, comfortable room with your own balcony, bathroom and ample closet space. Right by 24th street's restaurants and bars, just off the historic Castro st. and a short walk to Dolores Park, this is the perfect spot to make the most of SF
A luxury modern flat within a historic 1904 San Francisco building. Newly renovated, the flat is situated just one block from Cortland and one block from Bernal Hill. Enjoy garden access, renovated kitchen & an interior filled with contemporary art.
A master bedroom in a fabulous apartment atop Twin Peaks. Our unique corner 2 floor 3 bedroom 2.5 bathroom is one of the greatest apartments that San Francisco has ever built. It easily sleeps 6 people and comfortably accommodates a large dinner party.
A master bedroom suite with a private bathroom, closet, and your own balcony. The building is brand new. Central location in the heart of SF. 10-15 min walk to the marina area, near safeway, restaurants, building parking, etc.
A master bedroom suite with a private bathroom, closet, and your own balcony. The building is brand new. Central location in the heart of SF. 10-15 min walk to the marina area, near safeway, restaurants, building parking, etc.
A master bedroom suite with a private bathroom, walk-in closet, and your own balcony. The building is brand new and in the perfect location! At the intersection of the Mission, Hayes Valley, and Lower Haight. Right in the heart of authentic SF :)
A modern 3 story loft overlooking Victoria Manalo Draves Park, 50 ft from Folsom St.  Fully accommodated with 2 adult beds, 2 full size couches, a full kitchen, 2.5 bathrooms, & 1 parking spot, it is comfortably suitable for large groups.
A modern and immaculately clean shared house in the heart of the Mission with the famous Balmy Alley right in the backyard! Lovely outdoor lounge, luxurious shower and living/kitchen space, with cozy beds awaiting you after a long day of exploring.
A modern one bedroom to use in a two bedroom apartment. My roommate may also be in town so do not book unless you are comfortable with this. The location is central to Union Square, BART, and Market Street. Enjoy your time in SF!
A modern respite...spa-quality amenities with bay views.   Top Floor: Master bed/bath; two guest bedrooms and guest bath Main Floor: Open concept kitchen/living room  First floor: Second master bed/bath    Hot tub and outdoor fireplace.
A modern studio off a secluded garden court with a separate street entry. Central to the happening Mission neighborhood scene. There is a private bathroom, a small kitchen, a clothes washer/dryer, and a queen-size bed.
A modern, newly renovated 1-BR apartment with designer finishes, furniture, and appliances.  Includes a memory foam king-size bed, fully equipped kitchen, large flat-screen TV with cable. On a quiet street but close to the action!
A modern, open apartment with stellar views of the ocean in the back and Golden Gate bridge in front. Lookout-style windows in the living room, hardwood dining room and kitchen, and includes washer and dryer. 4 separate bedrooms, and large backyard.
A new clean modern apartment. 6 beds total. twin air bed available. 12 people can fit in apartment.
A new luxury high-rise development on the corner of 8th and Market. Near Moscone Center, FiDi, Mission, Hayes Valley, Lower Pac Heights. One block from BART and Muni!
A newly remodeled apartment centrally located in the hip Mission district; San Francisco's most lively neighborhood.
A newly remodeled modern clean bright and airy master suite in desirable neighborhood.  Close to everything, restaurants, Stonestown Mall, SF State University, 280 freeway access and public transportation (Muni M,17, 18,  28, 29  and BART) nearby.
A newly remodeled modern clean bright and roomy master suite in desirable neighborhood. Close to everything, restaurants, Stonestown Mall, SF State University, 280 freeway access and public transportation (Muni M,17, 18, 28, 29 and BART) nearby..
A newly renovated 2 bed / 2 bath flat that accommodates 4 people easily. 1 Queen size bed, two twin beds. Apartment is extremely well appointed with luxurious linens, bath towels and robes.
A newly renovated, luxurious home centrally located in coveted Laurel Heights.  Great for bus/uber access to the Super Bowl village, walk to award-winning restaurants and shopping. 4 bedrooms and 3.5 baths a living room and family room.
A nice big room with a nice comfy king bed! Nestled in the middle of the house, this room is quiet and cozy. Beautiful hardwood floors and freshly painted walls make for a fresh, relaxed feeling. A tranquil garden with grill and chairs for dining.
A nice fully furnshed suite within the Inn at the Opera in downtown San Francisco. The unit has a mini kitchen with microwave, wetbar, mini fridge, coffee maker, queen size bed, full bath & hair dryer. The unit sleeps up to 2 only.
A nice home base for travelers, right in the heart of San Francisco. Desk and dresser provided in room. Shared flat with 3 housemates. Close to Best Buy, Target, and Trader Joes. Near by neighborhoods, Marina, Richmond, Fillmore.
A nice quiet home in the Castro.  It's spread over two floors, only two blocks away from the main 18th & Castro intersection.  We have two toddlers of our own, and the apartment works well for infants and toddlers.
A nice room, close to public transportation, golden gate park, the beach. Warm atmosphere. Many restaurants and coffe shops within walking distance. Two blocks from golden gate park, and five blocks to the beach, to watch the sunset...
A nice spacious apartment in an emerging area of San Francisco. Within a 5 minute walk to Union Square, China Town and Financial District; this is a cozy, comfortable and convenient spot to explore everything San Francisco has to offer.
A nice studio, very calm, but located in the best part of San Francisco. At 2 min from public transport (Bart, muni). Surrounded by many bars, restaurants, clubs... Very dynamics neibourhood
A nice sunny master bedroom w your own private bathroom. One block to public transportation, one block to golden gate park and five to the beach. Many restaurants and coffe shops within walking distance.
A nicely appointed 1br/1ba suite only blockes from Fisherman's Wharf at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf. There is a living room area with sofa sleeper, kitchenette(2 burner cooktop, fridge, dishwasher, microwave, etc), a master bedroom with king bed.
A nicely appointed fully furnished 1br/1ba suite at Inn at the Opera. There is a living room area with sofa sleeper, kitchenette(mini fridge, microwave, wetbar), queen bed in the bedroom and bathroom. Free wifi.
A nicely appointed studio suite at The Donatello. 1 block from Union Square in the heart of San Francisco. Fully furnished suite king size bed,living room area w/sofa sleeper, kitchenette(mini-fridge,microwave,wetbar), desk & flat screen. Sleeps 4.
A nicely furnished 1br/1ba suite within The Canterbury Resort, a block and a half from Union Square. There's a partial kitchen(mini fridge, microwave,coffee maker), a living room with sofa sleeper and Queen bed in the bedroom. Sleeps up to 4.
A one bedroom in-law unit in one of the most authentic SF neighborhoods. One bedroom with a queen size bed and living room with a futon bed. All appliances and furniture are brand new. Entrance to the apartment is through the garage.
A one BR with beautiful hardwood floors, a sit-in dining room, full kitchen with gas range, a large porch overlooking Mountain Lake Park in one of the nicest neighborhoods in San Francisco.  Welcome to Presidio Heights.
A one-bedroom apartment on the ground floor of a 19th Century Victorian that has been lovingly restored with a modern touch.  You'll have a private entrance and access to the back yard.
A one-of-a-kind, fully upgraded 2 bedroom/2 bath, luxury Pacific Heights condominium. This quiet, courtyard facing unit is walking distance and/or next to public transport close to Polk St, Union St, Hayes valley and Union Square.
A perfect blend of San Francisco character & modern design, this spacious home is an urban oasis. Centrally located, walking distance to transportation, Castro/Mission restaurants, shops and parks.  Indoor/outdoor living with sunny deck and garden.
A perfect full bed bedroom with tons of sunlight and the Trans-American building. Can accommodate two additional guests on a comfortable aerobed. Welcome.
A perfect hotel alternative, our fully furnished suite is a private retreat complete with queen-sized Tempur-Pedic bed, high-thread count sheets, tranquil garden, continental breakfast and spa-like luxury bathroom. Close to major public transit. 
A perfect little getaway in the heart of the city. You are close to everything but can escape to a charming apartment all to yourself.
A perfect location right by the Daly City bart station and Lake Merced. It's a 5 minute walk to the bart station and a 10-15 minute walk to the beautiful Lake Merced and Fort Funston. The apartment is roomy and bright.
A perfect Penthouse Home with all the views and amenities. Just lovely. Welcome. Parking available dependent of car size.
A perfect rental for your group's Super Bowl weekend in the heart of San Francisco. Our spacious 4 bed/1bath sunny apartment is centrally located, close to many restaurants, Alamo Square and bus lines. Plenty of street parking. No parties please:)
A perfect secluded amazing View Master Bedroom Suite. Can accommodate two or more additional guests in the adjacent room separated by french doors on a comfortable Aerobed.  Private bathroom and decks for views of Alcatraz and Bay. Welcome. Please read Detailed Description for further information about the bedroom.
A perfect spot for anyone commuting down the peninsula, or those visiting the city who want more bang their buck. Sunniest area of the city, quiet at night, amazing restaurants, easy to get around, very safe, free parking. Oh, and breathtaking views!
A perfect twin bed bedroom with a View of Downtown San Francisco and the Trans-American building. Can accommodate two additional guests on a comfortable Aerobed. Welcome.
A perfectly located cottage in sunny Noe Valley. Serene, cozy and hip - one block away from the amazing J Church Muni line and one block away from 24th street shopping, dining and entertainment.
A pleasant inviting place in the Mission. will be away so you will essentially have the whole place to yourself. One large bedroom plus sliding doors that open onto the living room, creating a two room semi private suite, both with bay windows and hardwood floors. Use of our well-equipped kitchen, a nice bottle picked from my cellar and sunny deck. On a tree-lined side street near 16th and Mission/Valencia, this is a calm oasis in the bustle of the City.
A pleasant private bedroom in the carriage house at the rear of a SF Victorian on a quiet tree lined street.
A pretty hip urban townhouse right in the middle of SOMA near all the tourist destinations, Union Square, Chinatown, Financial district, the ball park whole foods and Petes all are within walking distance.  If you do bring a car the unit has a single car garage.
A prime location in San Francisco, located in the heart of Japan Town. Centrally located and minutes away from Marina District, Nob Hill, Pacific Heights, Soma and Downtown. I travel often I make the most of my valuably located apt for everyone!:)
A private 1 bedroom inside a house in the Bayview neighbourhood.  You will be sharing the bathroom and kitchen with my wonderful roommates. It is an ideal location to downtown,  2 blocks to the Muni.
A private bedroom across from ultramodern kitchen w/ window overlooking backyard with lush plants. It's a 6 bed, 4 bathroom house occupied by several friendly techies & artists in SoMa, San Francisco close to Market and 7th Street.
A private bedroom and bath in an awesome location - has a super comfy bed, desk in room, kitchen and TV! Close to AT&T Park, ferry building, mall, muni, Bart, caltrain Prefer check-in after 7pm (Part of a 2br2ba apt)  Please bring your own towels!
A private bedroom in a huge, beautiful, newly renovated traditional SF mansion in the Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhood. Bedroom has walk-in closet, balcony. Stunning view of the Bay, private deck, washer/dryer, two kitchens, one block from Union St.
A private bedroom with dedicated bathroom in my amazing apartment in SOMA, San Francisco. This is a quiet, clean and modern unit (the whole building opened in 2009) that is the perfect location for anyone in town for business or pleasure. Less than a block from Caltrain and 2 Muni Lines, or rent a zipcar (stored on site) and head to events on the Peninsula without hitting any city traffic. 2 blocks from AT&T Park, 1 block from Safeway supermarket.
A private bedroom/ living room/lounge (with big TV--free netflix and hulu), cute Victorian flat, centrally located neighborhood. Close to public transportation, and great restaurants. Views of Twin Peaks and amazing sunsets.
A private entrance to our home's large master suite reveals beautiful furnishings.  It is quiet with access to a garden waterfall, yet a 10 minute walk to restaurants, Golden Gate Park, Haight Ashbury & UCSF. A short train ride to Super Bowl City!
A private one bedroom guest unit on the ground level of a three story townhouse, one block from the 24th Street BART subway station. Located in the heart of the Mission, less than a 10 minute ride from Downtown, Union Square or the Embarcadero.
A private room (and balcony!) in a perfect location.  Quiet streets amid the happening Mission neighborhood, with lots of food and nightlife nearby.  Great access to BART for easy public transit.  2 housemates are pleasant, charming, and respectful.
A private room in a 2 bed/1bath Victorian in the heart of the Mission- right next the 24th St corridor, a short walk to Valencia, on tree-lined Folsom St!  The flat is a great mix of character, charm and modern touches, and boasts a shared garden.
A private room in SAN FRANCISCO in a brand-new  2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of the city ! You can have access to the main activities by walk : 30 minutes scenic walk from Embarcadero and Ferry building, 2 blocks away from Market Street, Powell Street and the Moscone Center, Target (groceries), Westfield Mall (Shopping). Cosy and friendly environment : you will share the apartment with international and funny friends  !
A private room is available to rent out by the week. Apartment is located in the Inner Richmond close to California St and Clement Street. This is a great location and very safe. It is very close to public transportation as well.
A private room with a shared bathroom and kitchen. Situated in a shared house in a nice quiet neighborhood and a strategic location with access to public transportation. No breakfast.
A private room, a wood floored apartment, in central and walkable San Francisco. Nearby access to transit lines.   Also an experiment in generosity plus Airbnb: The guest chooses where to donate 25% of the room cost.  Awesome!
A private room, with double bed available, at a 3 room, cosy apartment, located in central Nob Hill, short walk from Union Square. Access to the kitchen, bathroom, wifi, and whatever else you need for your stay.
A private single family residence in the heart of San Francisco's Bernal Heights neighborhood. Great for couples trips or families with children.
A private, peaceful suite in charming Noe Valley. Outside entrance to your private suite with bed, sitting area and full bath. Enjoy the beautiful views, tranquil backyard and quick access to downtown. Experience the best part of San Francisco!
A private, quiet, comfortable flat in the heart of up-and-coming Dogpatch--a funky, arty, real San Francisco neighborhood with a distinctively urban point of view. Easy access to all SF has to offer including great coffee and restaurants, without the hustle and bustle of downtown crowds and chaos.
A Queen Anne cottage built in 1890, it looks small from our quiet, tree-lined street, but it has 3 stories and plenty of room. Each room is cozy and stylish, including a room designed for children. Has all amenities and all you need is close by.
A quiet apartment in the heart of the Haight Ashbury.  The location is unbeatable!  A large studio with queen bed and space for lounging and working.  Also, a roomy bathroom with big clawfoot tub. Read our reviews!
A quiet beautiful remodeled room in Sunny Potrero in San Francisco.    Super Close to Muni lines, 101-280,  Mission Bay, SOMA, downtown etc... Also walking to Restaurants, shops. New  TEMP mattress and Linens. Private garden with city views in the front of the house. Private Entrance
A quiet first floor suite w/private bath,(525 sq ft) in the sunny Mission. Near galleries, public transportation and freeways. Great restaurants, clubs, cutting edge shopping, urban life at its best.
A quiet retreat in the middle of the Mission!  Rear-lot / off-street, newly rebuilt, cottage  (single unit standalone building) in the sunny Mission, just a block from Mission and 19th. 850 sq ft, 1 bedroom, 1 bath, open floor plan with lots of light
A quiet retreat with parking in a bustling neighborhood.  While at home you'll enjoy the calmness of Russian Hill. Then, just steps away, your mornings are filled with rich cafe aromas and evenings packed with lively food and entertainment.
A quiet, artsy, woodsy, eclectic haven in the heart of the city + fresh local veggies delivered to you every Saturday afternoon(my friend owns a farm) Come home to a warm inviting space, read a book and listen to some vinyl. Welcome to The Library.
A quiet, bright room with a queen bed and a private toilet and shower. The room is part of the Red Victorian Bed and Breakfast, which was built in 1904 and is 2 blocks from Golden Gate Park. The Red Victorian is a collaborative, community-run space.
A quiet, furnished suite with full kitchen and backyard. Safe area near restaurants, museums, transit, Golden Gate Park and U.C. San Francisco Medical Center.  WE ONLY RENT FOR 30 DAYS  OR MORE. Not a short-term rental. Contact us before booking.
A quiet, stylish retreat blocks from Golden Gate Park (and its many museums and gardens) and a mile from Ocean Beach. Original 1930 wood floors, elegant furniture, large windows and access to large backyard.  We are in a residential neighborhood but it is accessible to downtown on the N Judah line, and both Noriega and Irving Street are bustling with ethnic restaurants and shops.
A quintessential San Francisco experience at its finest. Stay in a charming, tastefully restored Victorian with lofty 12 foot ceilings, stunning crystal chandeliers and complete modern amenities. Perfect location for easy access anywhere in the city!
A quintessential San Francisco, top level Condo w/ your own, private room (queen-sized bed) & bathroom (not in-suite).  Only 2-6 blocks to public transportation ideal for Moscone Center (the F Train, the 14 & 14L buses, BART & the underground lines).
A quite room in a lovely 2 bedroom & 1.5 bath house with outlook onto the garden. Easy access to Downtown, Fishman Whard, and Ocean beach. 15 min Walking distance to 24th & Mission Bart station and 15 min walking distance to 22d Street Caltrain station.  Amazing restaurants, bars, and grocery shops nearby.
A rare aspect of my apartment was added while the internal remodeling took place. Multi-layered soundproofing was installed between every bared framing space within all of the rooms - ceilings - walls - floors. With double-paned windows and a solid oak entrance door it is hard to know you are living within a noisy engine-ridden urban environment. The silence inside is "tomb-like" allowing stress-free sleeping.  The city sounds are either muted, distanced, or absent - and gone.
A rare find in the City of San Francisco.  Simple, sleek, cozy, clean and well maintained semi-detached private garden cottage, in an ideal residential area that is centrally located, with all day free street parking.  Short walking distance to neighborhood convenience stores, restaurants and public transportation.  Approx. 10-min drive to downtown and SFO. If you want to see the city, but at the same time avoid the noise, congestion, and hustle and bustle of the city. This is the place for you.
A rare, recently remodeled, 2BR/1bath! This unit is fun, modern, new and very clean. It's located on the ground level & designed for easy and comfortable stay.
A relaxing haven in the middle of the city. Three bay windows, Golden Gate Bridge views, Bay view, walking distance to Ghirardelli, Fisherman's Wharf, and Lombard Street. Easy access to SB50 events
A relaxing oasis in the big city, the flat is located up off the street providing garden views.  Only a few short blocks to Fillmore street where shops and restaurants abound, you are ideally situated to explore our fair city.
A Revitalized Bay Area Landmark and at the heart of downtown in one of the most dynamic cities on the map stands the sparkling new Wyndham Canterbury. You’ll be captivated by the classic details like antique mirrors and fixtures and marble tile!
A Revitalized Bay Area Landmark and at the heart of downtown stands the sparkling new Wyndham Canterbury at San Francisco.The resort offers a fitness center, laundry facilities, and a full service restaurant. It is close to restaurants and shopping.
A Revitalized Bay Area Landmark and at the heart of downtown stands the sparkling new Wyndham Canterbury at San Francisco.The resort offers a fitness center, laundry facilities, and a full service restaurant. It is close to restaurants and shopping.
A Revitalized Bay Area Landmark. At the heart of downtown in one of the most dynamic cities on the map. This celebrated resort has a stylish present. Having been a famed fixture in SF, this location is near Union Square and Nob Hill.
A room in a clean  modern apartment. You get the master-bedroom   . 2 queen beds . Twin air bed available for 5th person . Private bathroom . I also might have rented out the other room and the couch area or I am in the other room .
A secretly hidden "man cave" located in the Dog patch area of San francisco ...a room inside of a room inside  a bullet proff , sound proof secure private building.
A short walk or cab ride to the Moscone Center!  Donatello is a FOUR STAR, Gold Crown Boutique Owner's Club located at corner of Post and Mason. Best location for intimate ambiance and great amenities in the heart of Union Square.
A simple loft with a gorgeous view on the balcony where you can relax on a hammock to soak up the sun. Food, shopping, convention centers, BART, and more are all within walking distance. There's also many amenities in the building you can enjoy! :)
A small 1-bedroom, about 550 square feet (50 square meters) at the foot of Russian Hill, located on the 6th and last floor (building has an elevator). The bedroom is separated from the living room by French doors (the photos include a floor plan).
A small bedroom in our unique corner 2 floor 3 bedroom 2.5 bathroom is one of the greatest apartments that San Francisco has ever built. 25 to 30 mins to the financial district  0.5 mile from Foresthill Station & a mile from GlenPark Bart  everything you need is around
A small loveseat (excellent for shorties) in a quaint, second-floor walk-up in the Richmond District. Close to excellent food, bus lines, and Golden Gate Park! Note: don't actually book this couch. It's a small loveseat - most likely too short for anyone to fit comfortably. I'm just dogfooding the UI
A small, beautifully decorated house with private garden, just a few blocks from great eateries, services, grocery, transport, freeway and park.  Looking to rent for May & June 2016 or part. I offer a 10% discount for stays of two weeks or more.
A small, but bright studio right by the famous Union Square, fit for maximum two people. Cozy and super close to everything! There is a laundromat about a block away. Clean towels and bedsheets are provided.
A spacious (2,100 feet/ 270 meters sq.) newly-renovated, 3-story, 3-bedroom classic 1908 San Francisco Victorian home with indoor garage parking  adjacent to Golden Gate Park, prime Inner Sunset neighborhood. Ultra high-speed Internet (150+ mbs).
A spacious 2 bedroom apartment in heart of popular NOPA neighborhood.  Easy access to anywhere in the city with 3 bus lines 1 block. Fabulous restaurants, coffee shops, grocery, convenience stores.  Walk score 91.  Full kitchen and laundry.
A spacious 2 bedroom apartment that's a quick jaunt from the best of the Mission & Bernal Heights. Located on a verdant street, the flat features a beautiful mix of period accents &  modern lines. Easy freeway access/near public transportation.
A spacious 3 bedroom apartment located next to SFSU and Lake Merced as well as various transportation stops including MUNI, BART, and other bus stops going downtown/ other great parts of San Francisco! Shared with lovely, working students
A spacious and funky cottage with private bathroom, in the most desirable neighborhood in San Francisco. Steps from the shops and restaurants of Valencia street, the vibrant streets of the Castro, and beautiful Dolores park.
A spacious en-suite with a double bed, desk, chair, and papasan :) Plenty of light, on a quiet street that is close to many bars/restaurants.
A spacious flat with nice views in a quiet street in one of SF's best neighborhoods. 4 bedrooms, sleep 10, walking distance to public transport and to the restaurants of the Mission.
A spacious modern flat in the heart of the Mission. Newly remodeled, with brand new gourmet kitchen and many fantastic amenities, including local tips from a SF native! Perfect for families with kids. 1 block from Bart station, and several bus lines.
A spacious modern kid-friendly 4+ bedroom house with an office and playroom near Golden Gate Park, UCSF, beach, zoo, in a nice neighborhood with great restaurants. Straight shot to downtown and AT&T park as we're right on the N-Judah streetcar line.
A spacious room in a great apartment in The Mission with a large living space and stocked kitchen. You'll be staying in my room and share the bathroom with my awesome roommate. The Mission is the coolest neighborhood in the city with many of the best restaurants and bars. We're walking distance to Dolores Park and the Castro or it's a few minutes on the BART to downtown. And you can see some reviews on us here: www.airbnb.com/rooms/7108345 Looking forward to having you!
A spacious room in a victorian style house in the Inner Richmond. This space is short walk away from coffee shops, restaurants and Golden Gate Park.  With a double bed, access to kitchen and living room, you will be sure to feel at home :)
A spacious room in this quiet sunset neighborhood. We are two blocks away from Turtle Hill,  where you can relax and see a panoramic view of San Francisco!  You'll have shared access to the kitchen and bathroom.
A spacious room with gas fireplace, large bay windows overlooking Twin Peaks, desk, balcony and private bathroom with shower / jacuzzi tub. Walk to BART and CalTrain, 12-min drive to SFO, and many top-notch affordable restaurants a half block away.
A spacious, detached, light filled 2Br family friendly remodel in central SF. High end and modern upgrades in the kitchen and bath. Lots of free & easy street parking. Two blocks to the Mission, Noe, and transit to get you to the rest of SF & beyond
A spacious, light-filled one-bedroom unit with a private full bathroom and a cottage (optional) in the back yard. Easy entrance to highways, 1 mile from Glen Park BART, 25min walk to trendy Cortland Avenue. Laundry, WiFi, and an awesome dog.
A spacious, light-filled one-bedroom unit with a private full bathroom and a cottage (optional) in the back yard. Easy entrance to highways, 1 mile from Glen Park BART, 25min walk to trendy Cortland Avenue. Laundry, WiFi, and an awesome dog.
A spacious, quiet, light filled 3BR home in the heart of SF. Walking distance to great food, culture, and shopping. 2-3 blocks from transit. With a large south facing deck and garden - a relaxing place to rejuvenate after a day of exploration.
A spare bedroom in the castro with lovely light and a comfy queen bed.
A steal in the Mission!  Private bedroom, private bath, shared kitchen and living room in a spacious top-floor apartment with rooftop patio.  We live in the best neighborhood in the heart of the most beautiful city!
A studio apartment in a detached cottage behind an apartment building in the lively North Beach district in San Francisco. A stones throw away from the famous Tony's Pizza and Washington Square Park. 12-15 minute walk (downhill) from Super Bowl festivities!
A stunning 3 bedroom apartment with gorgeous views of the bay. At the top of Potrero Hill, only one block from the CalTrain, which takes you right to Santa Clara. Comfy sofa and futon can sleep an extra 2-3.
A sunny ample corner room in an SF Victorian private home.  It has 2 twin beds--normal rates: one person ($120/night) or 2 (add $80/night).  Comfortable and inviting!  Plenty of art, books and light!
A sunny and historic apartment located in the heart of it all. Just steps from the Mission/Castro and convenient transportation to MUNI trains and BART.
A sunny bedroom in a light-filled renovated flat with original San Francisco details in the most lively and convenient neighborhood in the city!
A sunny bedroom in a nice and spacious loft apartment in the heart of SoMa.  The apartment includes 3 bedrooms, there's a shared bathroom between 2 bedrooms. The apartment has all the necessary utilities - washer, dryer, and a fully equipped kitchen.
A sunny room in Soma with a shared bathroom and kitchen. Located in a nice neighborhood close to the Mission and public transit.
A sunny townhouse located in one of the most desirable districts in SF.  Bus 10/19/48 brings you directly to Downtown, Fishman Whard, and Mission Bart Station. Walking distance to amazing restaurants, bars, and grocery shops.
A sunny, designer-decorated space tucked away with a private garden and furnished patio. Located in the heart of the mission district, the apartment is  a four minute walk to the 16th St. BART station.
A sweet room in a well decorated apartment with lots of character!  Cole Valley is a quiet, safe, central neighborhood with many shops and restaurants nearby. The eclectic Haight is a short walk, as is Golden Gate Park. Many transportation options!
A tastefully decorated homey apartment in Bernal Heights, one of SF's cutest and friendliest neighborhoods with restaurants and shopping 1/2 block away. A quiet retreat, 7 min walk to Mission Street and public transport with easy/free street parking.
A terrific location that is perfect for families and friends visiting San Francisco. Quiet, yet half a block to to amazing restaurants, cafes, playground/park, J-Church Trolley, two bus lines. A 5 minute walk to The Mission & 10 minute walk to BART.
A top floor 1 bedroom in a multiunit building in the SOMA district of San Francisco. The apartment is ~900 square feet and recently remodeled. Its centrally located near the Civic Center and Convention centers and great for business travelers.
A true gem - 1 bedroom super quiet apartment, kitchen & bath close to EVERYTHING SF! Hardwood floors, private entrance. In the heart of mission district, one block away from the epicenter of Mission restaurants & bars. I block from Garfield Park. 2 blocks from subway
A true live work loft space.  Comfortably sleeps 2.  Located in the South Park neighborhood of downtown SF.  Close to great restaurants, shops, public transit, Embarcadero, Giants Stadium, Market St. and so much more.  Come enjoy our downtown loft.
A truly unique San Francisco experience – stay in this exquisite apartment inside a historic Painted Lady. Convenient central location, enjoy the city and re-energize in the comfort of this exceptional home away from home.
A turn of the century Victorian -  close to the 101 and 280 freeways.
A turn of the century Victorian -  close to the 101 and 280 freeways.
A unique ground level, four room open floor plan flat with full kitchen and access to garden.  A perfect sanctuary for a couple and/or family. Located in the heart of the Mission: easy transportation, art, great food, music, parks, and more!
A unique place to experience the authentic San Francisco with open green space on all sides. 3 mins walking distance to the Lake Merced and the biggest golf course in San Francisco. 20 mins walking distance to the popular Ocean Beach. Welcome to SF!
A unique place, very SF.  The house is a small, stand-alone structure with a deck and a yard.  Private, quiet and convenient.  One bedroom and bath downstairs, common area (living room/kitchen) upstairs.
A unique, sunny second floor, 2 bedroom flat perfect for enjoying a peaceful garden sanctuary after an exciting day exploring San Francisco. Located in the heart of the Mission: transportation, art, food, music, parks, and more are all right here!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset, close to everything and steps to muni! The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space, laundry) is shared with awesome travelers like you!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset, close to everything and steps to muni! The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space, laundry) is shared with awesome travelers like you!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset, close to everything and steps to muni! The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space, laundry) is shared with awesome travelers like you!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset, close to everything and steps to muni! The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space, laundry) is shared with awesome travelers like you!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset, close to everything and steps to muni! The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space, laundry) is shared with awesome travelers like you!
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset. The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space,  laundry, 4 bathrooms) is shared with awesome travelers like you!  Convenient  location.
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset. The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space,  laundry, 4 bathrooms) is shared with awesome travelers like you!  Convenient  location.
A very bright house with ocean views and lots of space is located in the central Sunset. The house and everything that comes in it ( kitchen, working space,  laundry, 4 bathrooms) is shared with awesome travelers like you!  Convenient  location.
A very cozy, warm garden studio in the heart of Cole Valley. Just 3 blocks from Muni and a short ride to Bart. Cole Valley is such a quaint and sweet little village with restaurants, shops, bars, dog parks, etc. I know you'll love it!
A very unique artistic mansion with mythological art and a magical energy. This lovely room with private bathroom is quiet and sunny with fantastic, expansive views to the west. Easy access to many bus lines, GG Park and the Haight-Ashbury district. 
A view of the Golden Gate Bridge across Lincoln Park is the icing on the cake. This lovingly remodeled period home is a stones throw from the Legion of Honor, Lincoln Park, the Land's End trails, Ocean, Baker & China Beaches and Golden Gate Park...
A walkers dream, this place is walking distance from everything!
A warm and cozy studio in the center of San Francisco! Complete with a fully-stocked gourmet kitchen, private bathroom, queen bed, loveseat, exercise equipment, internet access and more! There is comfy mid-century decor to relax on and the big bright bay windows look out over O'Farrell Street. 
A warm and safe studio apartment located in a great building close to public transportation and tons of restaurants and SF attractions.  **Please note the minimum reservation stay is 30 days between Wednesday Nov 25, 2015 - Sunday Jan 3, 2016.
A warm, elegant, artistic, colorful oasis in the City, with deck, garden and birds songs.
A week in one bedroom luxury apt. in a small boutique hotel, Suites at Fisherman’s Wharf, ranked #4 of 236 hotels in SF by Trip Advisor! Next to the Hyde St Cable Car stop, a short stroll from the Wharf, The Cannery, Pier 39, or Aquarium of the Bay.
A wonderful first level condo, located near Gklden Gate Park. Fully Furnished, great for famies and Perfect for couples!
A wonderful room in an eclectic home with access to a beautiful backyard. Located in the Mission (where it's always sunny) within walking distance to amazing stores, restaurants, cafés and awesome parks. Close to the BART and other bus lines for easy, fast transportation.
A wonderful room in the best part of SF's Lower Haight district. Waller Street is quiet  but just steps away from all the bustle and cultural activity of this vibrant neighborhood. We are the hub of SF. We welcome you to our oasis.
A wonderful, comfortable, extra clean studio in convenient center of the city! Everything nearby: Union Square Shopping  Performance and movie theaters  Restaurants and cafés Public transportation in all directions BART
A wonderful, eclectic flat located on the first floor of a six unit building with access to a beautiful backyard. Located in the central, hip Mission neighborhood within walking distance to amazing stores, restaurants, cafés and awesome parks. Close to the BART and other bus lines for easy, fast transportation.
About house: Renting a room to single roommate in large 3 bedroom single family home. House is fully furnished and there's no room for additional furniture.  • full access to all the amenities of house • your personal furnishings must be kept to room rented • comes with wifi, cable, fireplace • kitchen is fully renovated with great lighting  • beautiful outdoor deck connected to kitchen • garage with some storage space if needed • laundry facility in garage
Access to shops, restaurant and transit. Easy access the rich shopping and eating on 24th street, and the stylish bars in the eastern Mission District, along with easy walks along breathtaking views of the city
Across from lots of great restaurants, bars, the best bakery in town, yoga, and close to all the action on Divisadero. Short walk to the cute shops on Fillmore and The Marina, public library and parks. Awesome location, relaxed environment, big kitchen, small rooftop deck and a big backyard.  My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers.
Adjecent to the Sunnyside Conservatory, this comfortable apartment is close to public transport, library, hiking, restaurants.  Full kitchen, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, laundry in unit.  Your home away from home. 
Adorable 3rd floor studio in a well maintained walk up building, right in the heart of Hayes. Perfectly situated within walking distance to Civic Center, BART, MUNI, Cathedral Hill, Union Square, and much more! Close to all transit like BART & MUNI.
Adorable apartment with 1 private bedroom and 1 bathroom (high pressure shower). The kitchen is fully appointed with everything you need if you wish to get creative in the kitchen – cabinets are stocked with tons of condiments/spices and complimentary tea/coffee is provided! Spacious living area with a huge sectional couch, TV and desk area. Guest also have exclusive use of the rear deck/garden and are welcome to use the gas BBQ (propane).
Adorable french style studio right in the middle of the city.  You have access to Bart and Muni right in front of your house.  Studio with an amazing view of the Opera District (civic center right in front)  -Wifi -TV with Hulu and Netflix
Adorable Marina junior studio in prime location right off Chestnut and Fillmore. One block from bars, restaurants, boutiques, and coffee shops. Walking distance to union street, Crissy Field Beach, Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square.
Adorable remodeled condo just steps from Dolores Park, Tartine Bakery, BiRite Creamery, Pizzeria Delfina and the Valencia Corridor.  Straddling the Mission and Castro, this is among the sunniest, most central spots in SF! Various transit options nearby. Washer dryer, full bath, bedroom and kitchen. Inviting zen back yard.
Adorable, clean and cozy 1 bedroom apartment (with comfortable sleeper sofa in LR) in excellent Hayes Valley Location. Great views of SF, City Hall & Patria Greens Park and enjoy hundreds of shops and restaurants within blocks your apartment.
Advantages: location rooftop I have my own room Disadvantages: small room shared bathrooms
Affordable, cozy, 1 bedroom condo available now at the heart of the city. The unit is available bare bones furnished. The unit comes with an in unit washer/dryer so there's no need to lug your laundry across town. Access to pool, jacuzzi, gym, & more
After the earthquake of 1906 San Francisco burned to the ground. In the aftermath the city built "earthquake shacks." A few of these 1907 homes remain including this one which I call the "Casa Shipwreck," a home that feels like a journey at sea.
After the earthquake of 1906, San Francisco burned to the ground. In the aftermath the city built "earthquake shacks." A few of these 1907 homes remain, including this one which I call the "Casa Shipwreck," a home that feels like a journey at sea.
Airy bedroom with a double (full) bed, closet space and private bathroom in charming 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom 1890’s Victorian cottage.  Located on a safe, friendly street with historic San Francisco charm.
Airy studio apartment with exclusive use deck overlooking Noe Valley.  Bathroom, walk in closet, kitchenette, separate entrance and easy street parking.  Most questions can be answered by reading detailed description.
Airy, clean and sunny guest bedroom with exclusive use of adjacent bathroom in the Mission Terrace neighborhood of S.F.  BART & MUNI are steps away and you'll be downtown in minutes. Special city views from your room in this residential neighbohood. 
Airy, private studio on Calif-Mediterranean garden. Comfy queen size bed, efficiency kitchen (no burners or hot plate), private bath and private entry.  Easy public trans, public parking lot within a block.  Walk 20 min from Vermont/23rd to 24th BART @ Mission St.
Airy, sunny home with unique design, deck, garden & cabana sleeps 4. In the sunny Mission district near 24th street and famous restaurants, cafes, nightlife & murals. Parking space for one car. Or walk to nearby bus or BART (subway). Tech buses stop 1 block away.
Alamo Square 1-bedroom garden apartment in an 1890 Victorian home near the famous Painted Lady Victorians, one block from public transport, Nopa restaurants & nightlife, near to Hayes Valley and Golden Gate Park.
Alcove studio with separate kitchen and bathroom.  Great views of the city.  Clean and spacious.  Elevator Building w/ gym and pool.
alert('description')
All info you might need has been disclosed here and please read through. My calendar is up to date, you can just book if you see vacancy. I usually respond booking or questions within a few minutes. *我讲中文,在西安,北京,上海都生活过。欢迎你来问询*
All New Remodel, PRIVATE Downstairs Unit.  Full bath, Master w/queen bed, 2nd room with fully equipped kitchenette, living room with deluxe queen sofa sleeper.  CONVENIENT location. WALK to BART. FREE/Ample Street Parking. Super Clean. Eco-friendly.
All Remodeled 2 Bedroom and 2 Full Baths. People love staying here... "Incredible place! It was perfect location and amenities for my needs. I'll definitely stay here next time I'm in SF for work (or fun!)" "Had a great time in this very nicely appointed space." "The stay at Michael's place was great!" "Super clean and nicely put together. Will definitely go back again" "Incredible place! It was perfect location and amenities for my needs. I'll definitely try to stay here next trip.
All you could want within 3 blocks. 2 blocks from the Painted Ladies and shopping on Fillmore st.  Short ride to the high end shopping of Union Square and fine dining of Hayes Valley.  2 miles from the Presidio and Golden Gate Bridge and short walk to Golden Gate Park.
All You Want-Just off Market Street, Outdoor Space. Brand new kitchen and bathroom and lovely outdoor space with bbq. Close to Valencia St. in the Mission District. Good for couples, solo or business travelers.  Easy Walking to Mission Restaurants, Hayes Valley, Castro, Middle of it all but you're on a quiet street. In "San Francisco's Best Dining Neighborhood of 2015 -Eater SF"
Almost brand new space with high end appliances and designer details. Great spot for your San Francisco visit. Rooftop views. Direct bus line (MUNI#19) to T-line and downtown or FREE shuttle to T-line and downtown and back, if you don't want to take the bus. Weekends and weekdays. Neighborhood coffee shop/store/wine bar 2 minute walking distance. India Basin Shoreline 5 minutes walk away with the last salt marshlands of SF with all kinds of sea birds. Great stroll with city views.
Although the room is small, it is everything you will need for a short visit. Located in the Richmond District, just a short walk to the beach and Golden Gate Park! There is plenty to do and see, and many convenient busses to get anywhere!
Am amazing space right in the Heart of San Francisco ! Close to all transportation and One Block from the Cable Cars. The TOP Floor Unit is just an awesome place to call home.  ( Even for a few Days )
Amazing & cool one bedroom apartment for the weekend or while in town for business. Awesome location in hip and trendy neighborhood. Close to resto's , coffee shops and park. All and everything in 5 minutes or less walking distance !
Amazing 1 bedroom/ 1 bath apartment with hardwood floors, sweeping views of the city right in the heart of the Castro, easy on-street parking, blocks from the muni.
Amazing 2 bedroom 1 bath San Francisco home (no smoking permitted in unit) with ocean views and walking distance to the famous Ocean Beach. One block from Muni (public municipal rail) which provides direct access to San Francisco Financial and Shopping Districts.
Amazing 3 bedroom apartment. A block and a half from BART/Muni, downtown SF, lots of bars, restaurants, etc. 3 bedrooms w/ queen beds, 70 inch TV, full kitchen. Private parking available for additional $75/night.
Amazing 650 sq ft garden guest suite is all yours. Separate entrance leads to bed/bath room & living/work area. Major transport 2 blks away. Walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Ft. Mason, waterfront & restaurants/shops on Union, Chestnut and Polk streets.
Amazing apartment in a lovely neighborhood! Plenty of space, washer/dryer in building, furnished,a cool vintage bathroom you can't find anywhere else! Cable + WIFI. 24 hr Starbucks and Walgreens 2 blocks away. Trader Joes and City Target close by!
Amazing apartment located in the heart of San Francisco cultural zone. It is located 10 minutes walking to Union Square. It offers several amenities such as gym, roof top, lounge, among others.
Amazing deal offered by owner of luxury suite hotel condominium located in Ghirardelli Square in San Francisco. Three bedrooms and bath, gourmet kitchen, dining area, living room with fireplace. Full service amenities provided. July 4th fireworks!!
Amazing Edwardian Building with true San Francisco style and charm. Condo is uniquely positioned below Coit Tower and in the heart of North Beach. Walking Distance 2 Financial District + Embarcadero. Moscone Center less than 5 min drive. Roof Deck!!
Amazing home in a special part of the city.
Amazing location in Telegraph Hill/North Beach location! Steps to many popular restaurants, parks,  bars, & Financial District (1 block to Grant, 2 blocks to Washington Square, half block to steps of Coit Tower (fun to see day or night). Clean, open, and lots of light.
Amazing location in the middle of the Sunset/Parkside area. Apartment a short 30 second walk to Safeway, restaurants, bars, coffee shops, coin laundry, banks and public library. Public transportation is also a 30-second walk away -- the L Muni line will take you all the way to downtown and the piers. You'll love this space because of location, the coziness, and the private atrium in the room you'll be renting. Ocean Beach, SF Zoo and Golden Gate Park is a 10 minute drive away!
Amazing location within walking distance of most major tourist attractions! Read the reviews! The apartment is a modern unit on Nob Hill near grocery store/restaurants/bars. Cable car runs in front of the building. Union Square/Chinatown/Fisherman's Wharf/Russian Hill/Lombard St/North Beach/Financial District are walkable. 1 queen bed that fits 2 and your own private bathroom. There is also room for 1 additional guest as there's a double bed in the living room or an inflatable mattress.
Amazing location-- steps way from the muni, the charming Judah, and if you walk straight THE OCEAN! A cozy, simple, minimal home to serve your needs~
Amazing location, just a few blocks from the heart of the mission district. Close to Safeway/Whole foods, Bart (10min) and Muni station (5min) and the many bars/restaurants of the mission. Perfect to discover this great city.
Amazing luxury apartment, Balboa Bart Station walking distance, gym in building, washer/dryer inside unit. 1 BR apartment, with patio included.
Amazing neighborhood, beautiful 3 story house with modern design furniture, laundry room and a full kitchen. Fully equipped with all necessities and free wifi. Walking distance to restaurants, public transportation, hiking trails.
Amazing new condo with open floor plan, 20 foot ceilings, huge windows, two enclosed bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and all the amenities of modern living. In the heart of the Dogpatch nears lots restaurants, bars and public transport.
Amazing newly renovated building in amazing, hip, centrally located area-- on Dolores St between new Whole Foods and Dolores Park.  - 1bd condo can fit 3ppl - Stainless steel - Modern bathroom  - French Doors - Queen Bed - Beautiful street view - W/D - Shared, sunny backyard - Large TV with premium cable  - Perfect
Amazing Pacific Heights apartment with awesome balcony overlooking the city. Stay in the master bedroom (bathroom in the room and two large closets). Super safe area. Walkable to bars / restaurants / bus stop.
AMAZING renovated seven-room, three-bedroom, 1.5 bath single family home in the Castro District.   The property includes a private driveway with an automatic gate leading to a parking area that will accommodate up to 3 cars!
Amazing space in the Mission! Walkable from BART.
Amazing studio with private entrance and private half bath in the hippest neighborhood in San Francisco. Steps to the best bars, restaurants, and specialty shops but secluded in a quiet off street location!
Amazing studio with private entrance and private half bath in the hippest neighborhood in San Francisco. Steps to the best bars, restaurants, and specialty shops but secluded in a quiet off street location!
Amazing studio with private entrance and private half bath in the hippest neighborhood in San Francisco. Steps to the best bars, restaurants, and specialty shops but secluded in a quiet off street location! My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers.
Amazing sunny main floor suite with fantastic views of NoeValley and Twin Peaks in the geographic center of San Francisco. Clean, quiet and bright space with modern kitchen, one off street parking spot, close to public transportation.
Amazing view, nearby many interesting places, such as Embarcadero Ave., ferry building, AT&T Ballpark. The decoration is amazing and make you feel at home.
Amazing views from this immense 3 bedroom/ 2 bath flat on El Camino Del Mar. The flat includes a living room, library room, dining room, wet bar with sink, 2 full bedrooms, 1 smaller bedroom, kitchen, 2 full bathrooms, and a roof top deck.
Amazing views of SF and the  bay Two large decks to have a relaxing lunch or dinner BBQ  Super easy street parking Very private; windows do not face any neighbors Neighborhood is extremely safe and family oriented, cul-de-sac is great for children to play out front   At the base of Twin Peaks, easy city access with a car
AMAZING VIEWS Sleeps 7ppl   Fully furnished and remodeled 3mo old unit 3 Bedrooms, and shared garden and patio Downtown walk to MANY sites-Coit Tower, Fishermans Wharf, NorthBeach, &Marina  Big HD TV, Speakers, Stocked Kitchen, Large Sectional
Amazing, fully furnished master bedroom in Pacific Heights with parking, private bathroom and views of Alcatraz and the ocean. This is the master bedroom in a 2 bedroom apartment. This is perfect if you're just moving to the city!
Amazing, Master Suite with ensuite bath in a 1500 sqft Luxury High Rise that is BRAND NEW!  State of the art gym, swimming pool, hot tubs and business center/louge with complimentary wifi, FREE COFFEE + PASTRIES daily. It's like a HOTEL but BETTER!
Amidst San Francisco’s most characteristic restaurants, bars, art spaces, parks, public transit are two comfy queen beds in a lovely flat with modern design furniture.  Full kitchen, Washer Dryer in unit, parking available as an additional charge.
Amidst San Francisco’s most characteristic restaurants, bars, art spaces, parks, public transit is a comfy queen bed in your own private room with modern design furniture.  Full kitchen, Washer Dryer in unit, parking available as an additional charge
Amidst San Francisco’s most characteristic restaurants, bars, art spaces, parks, public transit is a comfy queen bed in your own private room with modern design furniture.  Full kitchen, Washer Dryer in unit, parking available as an additional charge
Ample natural light, tall ceilings and a roomy patio + grill, this quiet and quaint apartment is within the Historic Long Distance Telephone Building built in 1895. Only a few blocks from all transit lines, enjoy this neighborhood's authenticity!
Ample studio with queen bed.  French doors leading to a quiet backyard retreat.  Separate entrance from the street.  Equipped with kitchen and bathroom.  Sofa bed also pulls out into a queen bed.
An adorable and surprisingly spacious studio apartment on wheels. This cozy school bus home is perfect for anyone seeking out a unique travel experience and the photos & stories that come along with it. The bus doors open to an edible garden with tomatoes, blueberries, veggies, and more.
An affordable shared accommodations in a house that is a ten minute walk to Glen Park Bart station or walk half a block to take 14 Mission express which takes you to S.F. downtown in approximately 20 minutes.  Access to bathroom and kitchen.
An amazing apartment downtown SF. Across the street (literally) from Super Bowl City. Has 4 french door balconies, gym access, A PARKING SPOT , starbucks in the building, and BART train right out the front door.
An amazing fully-remodeled home with Killer views of SF.  Walking distance to many restaurants and bar but in a very safe, quiet area very close to parks.Large Deck. Groumet Kitchen. Walking distance to Muni lines. Easy access to highways.
An amazing location for a vacation or business trip (2 blocks from Washington Sq. Park).  Large living room space, modern building/fixtures, and high ceilings.  Located in the quaint North Beach neighbourhood this apartment is both close to many tourist attractions and the financial district.  With over 50 restaurants within a 10 minute walk you don't even need a car.  Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiradelli Square are 10 minute walks.  The Financial district is a 20 minute walk or 7 minute cab ride.
An amazing, clean condo in the heart of the Castro- less than 5 minute walk to Muni (get downtown and Union Square in less than 10 minutes) and walk to the mission in less than 10.  An amazing central location in a sunny neighborhood.  Outdoor space in the back with a gas grill is perfect for hanging out and relaxing.  In unit washer and dryer as well.  One of the bedrooms has a queen bed and the other has a sleeper sofa with a memory foam mattress from Room and Board (super comfortable)!
An apartment that is very close to japantown, restaurants and safeway
An awesome oceanfront flat with full kitchen, bathroom, livingroom, and a bedroom. 1 minute walk to N Judah (muni) and a famous local spot Java Beach Cafe. No-limit parking! Want some waves? Walk across the street and there's the ocean!
An entire apartment lovingly furnished with modern and mid-century pieces and a well-stocked kitchen. Nearby is Dolores Park, murals everywhere you look, boutiques, and excellent dining (Tartine, Bi-Rite, Craftsman & Wolves, so many burritos).
An entire floor to yourself in a newly remodeled 3 story Mission home. Space includes private entrance, 2 rooms (bedroom and office), bathroom, and access to spacious outdoor space. The prefect home away from home!
An entire large 1-bedroom flat w/private garage parking, washer/dryer (in unit), gas oven & stove, top-floor corner unit with cable TV, dining room/office, big bed & location near UCSF, Golden Gate Park & the Inner Sunset. It's bright and homey.
An intimate six-unit building, this open loft offers a formal dining area, private patio and Eastern-facing light. Centrally located in SOMA/Mid-Market close to Union Square, Moscone Center and lively restaurants, wine bars and coffee shops.
An oasis in the concrete jungle! This private garden suite is newly renovated with en-suite full bathroom. French doors lead to a patio with pond, an avocado tree, and beautiful landscaping. Room is in private lower area of single family house.
An original home in Bernal from 1896 that has been renovated in a modern Italian style. Big windows, high ceilings, spacious living & dining area, several doors to garden, lots of lights, 2 blocks from main shopping & restaurant street, Cortland Ave.
An spacious, modern, and quiet bedroom in lively Mission Dolores area, bordering Castro. The room has a King-sized bed and can accommodate up to 2 people. You'll be as central as possible, with  access to Downtown on Metro / BART one block away.
Antique filled  studio with private entrance, fern court yard, hardwood floors and  kitchenette.  Delightfully quiet &nurturing!  Great Location, walk out your door to eateries, shops, bus, Presidio, Golden Gate, zip downtown w Express Bus
Apartment for rent in downtown high-rise. Brand new 1BR with full bath and amenities which include: bed, chaise, washer/dryer in unit, stainless steel appliances, toaster oven, microwave, dishwasher, flat-screen tv, surround sound system. AirBnB Verification required.  Look forward to your stay!
Apartment in Castro with a good view, close to public transportation, parks, and good restaurants and bars.
Apartment in San Francisco's Sunset neighborhood -- perfect for visitors of Super Bowl 50!  2BR halfway between Santa Clara (Levi's Stadium) and downtown SF.  Take Muni to Embarcadero in 25 min and drive down I-280 to the stadium in 40 minutes.
Apartment is HUGE & has a balcony. Business Center Great for professionals  Perfect spot if you are here to watch a Giants game. Less than 5 minutes  walk: -> Caltrain -> MUNI  -> ATT park  -> Water  Amenities -> Fitness center,  -> hot tub  -> Fireplace After 2 guests $30 pp charge
Apartment is in a victorian style building half a block from Trader Joe's and walking distance to downtown, union square, and Moscone Center. Numerous restaurants and bars nearby.  Hard wood floors, large kitchen, quality beds, and basic furnishings.
Apartment is in one of the best districts in San Francisco - 1 block to Polk street's famous bars and restaurants - 5 blocks to Lombard Street - Cable car on our street to Fisherman's Wharf/Union Square - Nice walk/cab ride to Golden Gate Bridge
Apartment is in Russian Hill, half a block from bars, restaurants, and a 15 minute walk to Ghiradelli Square/Fisherman's Wharf.  Street is safe and quiet. Apartment is clean, welcoming and has friendly neighbors :)
Apartment is located two blocks from Grace Cathedral and the Fairmont hotel on top of SF's historical Nob Hill. Close to yummy Polk Street restaurants and bars and within walking distant to the Yerba Buena.
Apartment is recently remodeled with direct street access. Unit includes bedroom with a full bed as well as a separate kitchenette and sitting area with refrigerator, microwave and coffee machine. Great neighborhood w/ easy access to downtown SF.
Apartment on a quiet street with incredible access to the city. Nightlife in the mission is a short walk away. Convenient to downtown for day working or for tourism:  a convenient bus stops at the corner that takes you to a downtown train.   Come chill on the deck!
Apartment with full kitchen in the heart of SF, 15 min walk to Union Square. Close to North Beach, China Town, Pac Heights and Marina neighborhoods, with great restaurants and sightseeing within walking distance. Includes access to roof deck.
Apartment: 13th floor of a highrise, great view with a large balcony, 3BR, open kitchen, spacious and bright room Location: Very central, in the heart of the Fillmore district with lots of shops, cafes, bars.