Beautiful lower level apt of an Ashbury Heights home with a separate entrance off a private front patio. Equipped a full kitchen, living room, modern bath, & shared laundry room. Perfect for small families. Near Golden G park, Cole V, Haight Ashbury.
Beautiful luxury boutique condo with high end finishes.  Complete with everything you need to feel right at home in the city by the bay.  Walking distance to the water, public transportation, downtown, and great restaurants and bars.
Beautiful luxury unit, located in financial district. Close to Embacadero, Ferry Building, Fisherman whalf, Moscone. You can watch fireworks/blue angel from window depends on event.  This location is one of the best upscale high rise modern condos in the city, waterview.  It is walking distance to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), SalesForce, Moscone conferences center and water front.  The place has a separate guest room with its private bath.  It will be extra charge if guest wants to use it as 2 bedrooms capacity.
Beautiful Mediterranean bright cosy charming 1 bedroom & Bath in a 3 bedroom lovely quiet view home in the Marina District, 1 block: Palace Fine Arts,Yacht Club,Beach.Walking distance to Golden Gate Bridge, Presidio Park,Museum,Trails,Hiking,Chestnut
Beautiful mediterranean bright cosy superb 3 bedrooms, 2 baths apartment in charming quaint Marina district, 1 block from Palace Fine Arts,Yacht Club, Beach. Walking distance: Golden Gate Bridge, Fort Point, Presidio Park, trails, hiking,Chestnut St.
Beautiful Mission District home with private room. Walk out the back garden straight onto the famous Balmy Alley and check out the painted murals (oftentimes with live painting!). Great location in the heart of SF with BART just blocks away!
Beautiful modern condo w/ large sunny deck and fireplace. Large master bedroom with private bath.  Separate bedroom and full bath. Centrally located in SOMA on side alley with walking access to BART/MUNI, restaurants, and nightlife.
Beautiful modern family home in the neighborhood just chosen as the Hottest in America. Lovely backyard fruit orchard and a truly gourmet kitchen. Walk to Noe Valley, the Mission, and BART. Very well suited for small kids (we have three!)
Beautiful Modern Italian Decor in this beautiful 2 bedroom/2 bath condo centrally located on top of Buena Vista Park.  It's a 10 min walk down the hill to the Castro, the Haight, Cole Valley, or the Golden Gate Park. Parking on street. Great Neighors
Beautiful modern Nob Hill studio in historic San Francisco District.  Located in Nob Hill .  Perfect location to explore the city. Modern set up, Wifi, Apple TV, coffee and tea included! Ground level, street facing, not for light sleepers!
Beautiful modern space perfect for you! Convenient to MUNI bus lines, BART and highways.
Beautiful modern townhouse located in the heart of SF. Walkable to Marina Green, site of ESPN's production HQ for Super Bowl 50.  You get a private floor -- large bedroom/bath/ living room (65" tv). Amenities include large chef kitchen, patio (with fire pit) and roof deck (with BBQ)
Beautiful mordern 1 bedroom 1 bath condo located in Soma San Francisco. Walking distance to City Hall, the Mission, the Castro. Fully furnished, full kitchen and amenities.
Beautiful newer apartment in the heart of the Mission district.  In-building parking is available by request.  One block from the lively 24th street corridor and just a 5 minute walk to BART, which takes you all over SF and the bay area.
Beautiful Noe Valley apartment with breathtaking views of the entire city. This spacious 1-bedroom apartment would be great for a couple but could easily accommodate 3 people and could fit up to 4. Huge kitchen, beautiful sun room, and big living room with a comfy couch..
Beautiful North Beach apartment minutes away from Lombard St., Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39.  Sunlit living room and roof-deck views of San Francisco Bay and Russian Hill.  Easy access to Superbowl City, shopping, and a great restaurant/bar scene.
Beautiful North Beach Apartment with views of the Golden gate Bridge and Alcatraz. Centrally located steps from embarcadero, Fisherman's wharf. Walking distance from Chinatown and 15 minutes from Market Street.
Beautiful oasis in the heart of the Marina - 2 blocks to the water, 3 blocks to the Palace of Fine Arts and 4 blocks to Chestnut st.  Comfortable new queen bed. French doors out to a private garden.
Beautiful one bedroom apartment available with one queen bed and one sofa bed.  Apartment has all amenities you need: Internet, a full kitchen, clean bathroom, tv, blankets, sheets, towels and more. Please message me with any questions or comments
Beautiful one bedroom apartment in Cow Hollow/Marina with spanning Golden Gate Bridge and bay views from every room.  Two blocks away from the Presidio, and minutes from the Palace of Fine Arts, Crissy Beach, Union Street and Chestnut Street.
Beautiful one bedroom in the heart of the Mission. One block away from the 16th/Mission St. Bart station. It comfortably fits 2 and is central to tons of restaurants, bars, and shopping. Enjoy the gourmet kitchen, jacuzzi bathtub and 2 balconies!
Beautiful One Bedroom near the famous Lombard Street!
Beautiful one-bedroom in a charming Victorian near Alamo Square. Steps from coffee shops, dining, and parks. I hope you love my home and location as much as I do!
Beautiful Pacific Heights pied-a-terre with laundry. Calacatta marble bathroom counters & wide plank oak floors make this a glamorous Pacific Heights getaway. Fillmore restaurants are 4 blocks away, The Presidio just 9.
Beautiful pied a terre in the heart of Russian Hill. Top floor treehouse --  floor to ceiling views of Coit Tower and the Bay Bridge from living room, bedroom and deck. 2B/1B. Walk to North Beach, Marina, Fisherman's Wharf and downtown.
Beautiful place in the heart of SOMA. Walking score of 99. 1 Block from Moscone Center. Also Close to whole foods, target & Market street. Blazing Fast WiFi, 50" TV, California King Tempurpedic Bed, Great Office, Sleeper Couch & Air Mattress
Beautiful place to stay, conveniently located in the heart of San Francisco, but we do not want you to have to pay $$$$$$$$ to get this amazing experience. Over 2000 square feet of apartment space in this 4 Bed/2 Bath, which is very rare in SF, clean, beautiful and open floor plan. ***ALL rooms are private rooms.
Beautiful place to stay, conveniently located in the heart of San Francisco, but we do not want you to have to pay $$$$$$$$ to get this amazing experience. Over 2000 square feet of apartment space, which is very rare in SF, clean, beautiful and open floor plan. ***ALL rooms are private rooms.
Beautiful private and spacious studio on a Cul De Sac near Precita Park.  It's recently renovated, decorated and fully furnished.  Very open and sunny in a gated building.  Walk to restaurants, store and cafe.  Near corporate buses.
Beautiful private bedroom and private bath with exposed red brick in Noe Valley. Steps from the J-line, and a few minutes to the freeways, this is a highly accessible location, with plenty within walking distance ( 24th street and Mission).
Beautiful private bedroom with its own bathroom in a FANTASTIC location (right by Caltrain and AT&T park). Includes 1 Queen Bed and 1 enormous beanbag. - Gym - Social Lounge with Rock Climbing Wall, Pool Table - Private bath - Outdoor Courtyard
Beautiful private garden room in 100 year old Noe Valley Victorian.  Private bath with Italian marble, queen bed, hardwood floors, garden, patio, mini-refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker, washer/dryer, wireless internet, DirecTV.  Easy access to all public transportation.