(URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN)
***When leaving our home via car and turning right from our one-way street, please merge into the middle or far-left lane.  The right lane is a bicycle lane and is being patrolled regularly, with violators ticketed by police.*** +++Re. parking:+++please read+++ Please note that every second and fourth Tuesday of the month on our side of the street and every second and fourth Friday of the month  on the other side of the street is street cleaning between the hours of 8:00 and 10:00 a.m.   +++Please make sure to avoid parking in those areas on street cleaning mornings as you will be ticketed.  If you're out and about or want to sleep in, just let me know.  I will move the car for you!+++ There is plenty of street parking around, especially on Milton Street and Bosworth Street.  There is four-hour limited parking Monday - Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.  Every four hours, you must move your car.  If you're out and about though, I'll be glad to do that for you
------------------------------------------------- We love being on the hill with the views, the narrow streets , hidden stairways and parks. It's a lovely quiet neighborhood that most people don't even know exists in San Francisco and from the top of Bernal Hill you have incredible 360 views of the city and Bay. -------------------------------------------------
A fifteen minute walk will take you to Cortland Avenue, a lovely shopping street complete with healthy grocery market, unique gift store, yoga, massage, library, bank and art galleries. There you will find a multitude of delicious eating establishments - Japanese, Nepalese, Peruvian, Italian, Mexican, California cuisine, excellent coffee shops and bakeries.     Right outside our door is Bernal Hill, a beautiful piece of parkland that affords a 360º view of San Francisco.  Come here for sunrise, sunset or for star gazing!    Don't miss our Alemany Market which becomes a fabulous Farmers Market on Saturdays and a Flea Market on Sundays.
Adorable neighborhood on the edge of Mission and Bernal Heights. A million and one things to do and people to meet. Every block has something different to offer, from food to coffee, and everything in between.
Although AirBnb lists me in Bernal Heights, I am actually in between Noe Valley, Bernal Heights and the Mission. Three great neighborhoods - with restaurants, bars, shops and public transportation.  Enjoy Exploring!
Although it's a cliche, Bernal Heights really is a village within the city! This apartment is on the western slope of the hill, just a couple blocks up from Mission Street (with many good restaurants and cafes and bars), but because Heyman doesn't go all the way to Mission, it's insulated from any noise and traffic. Cortland Avenue, with its cute shops and restaurants, is a five-minute walk south. 
At the southern edge of the Mission, Bernal Heights is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco.  A two-minute walk from our home will take you to the Alemany Farmer’s Market (Saturday) and the Flea Market (Sunday).  Cortland Avenue with its village-like ambience is an eight-minute walk from our home.
Beautiful neighborhood, hidden gem of San Francisco. Enjoy the parks: Precita park, Bernal heights, our local Mullen-Peralta micro park to watch the sun set... Walk to the mission: restaurants and cafes on 24th st and further. Even closer: Precita park cafe, organic grocery store and Hillside Supper Club gourmet restaurant
Beautiful!
Being at the bottom of Bernal hill is the best of the Mission, Valencia corridor with Cortland Street all within walking distance. Best restaurants, bars and cool creative Sf all around here. The Castro area is a 15 minute bus ride away- downtown and waterfront easy fast trip.  Public transport links superb here, safe  cycle routes all down Valencia. Parking available in the neighborhood.
Bernal Height is undergoing significant changes at the moment. Voted hottest neighborhood in America by Redfin for 2015, we're seeing the arrival of new restaurants and shops. Despite those changes, the area still keeps the traditional San Francisco feel and atmosphere. Walking distance to a supermarket and a playground will help facilitate your stay.
Bernal Heights (voted as "America's hottest neighborhood!") is lovely, safe, quiet and sunny and sits just above the vibrant Latino "Mission" neighborhood. We are steps away from Bernal Hill Park - a great place for a walk, sunset viewing, star gazing and the best 360 degree view of San Francisco. A fifteen minute walk will take you to Cortland Avenue, a lovely shopping street complete with healthy grocery market, unique gift store, yoga, massage, library, bank and art galleries. There you will find a multitude of delicious eating establishments - Japanese, Nepalese, Peruvian, Italian, Mexican, California cuisine, two good bars, excellent coffee shops and bakeries. The Alemany Farmers Market on Saturdays and the flea market on Sundays are fun excursions, just a short hike away.
Bernal Heights - a neighbourhood designated as "hot" by red-fin, the real estate listing company! 4 blocks to Cortland street, where cafes, bakeries and local flavour in shops, restaurants and bars gives you a true feeling of San Francisco character. Just a 20 minute walk, up and over the hill to the Mission District, or to BART that takes you downtown in 10 minutes. A sunny micro-climate of SF, Bernal offers hikes up hillside stairs and walks over the hill that give panoramic views.
Bernal Heights blends the eclectic vibe of San Francisco with an intimate neighborhood setting.  Lots of small local businesses make dining and shopping a unique experience.  And we're a short walk to the Mission district.  With easy access to freeways and public transportation, Bernal Heights is a great place from which to access many parts of the Bay Area.
Bernal Heights frequently tops lists of the most charming neighborhoods in San Francisco, which isn’t surprising given its accessibility, versatility and vibe. Located close to the freeway, this rental property is ideal for those popping into town for a quick business trip or travelers who want to unpack and get to know the city a bit more intimately. The neighborhood is very walkable, and you’ll have easy access to beautiful, pet-friendly parks – two of which are just two blocks away. San Francisco’s Mission District, one of the most vibrant and colorful parts of San Francisco day or night, is also located nearby. Don't forget to check out 24th street.
Bernal Heights has a charming mix of people, restaurants and bars. Cortland Ave. is 2 blocks away. Safeway and Walgreens are 1 block away.
Bernal Heights has a cute main street with coffee shops, restaurants, stores, a public library and recreation center.  You can take a morning hike up the hill for great views of the city.
Bernal Heights has an intimate community vibe, family and dog oriented, sunny, 3 great parks, and some really good restaurants and cafes.
Bernal Heights has been named the 2014 hottest neighborhood in the nation by Redfin, a national realty company. We are high on the north slope with views of the city. A short walk down the hill will bring you to some of our favorite spots, Precita Cafe, Hillside Supper Club, a great corner grocer and park/childrens' playground. Or walk up to Bernal Heights Park and its spectacular views. Its just a quick 15 minute walk to the Mission and 24th street with great coffee shops, taquerias and restaurants, farmers market and night life.
Bernal Heights has just about everything you need at arm's reach. There are tons of great restaurants like Red Hill Station, Piqueo's, Moki's Sushi, B-Star, Little Nepal, and Vino Rosso. If you stay during the week, don't miss Nute's Noodles, a pop-up restaurant down the block on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. There are three great bars. Wild Side West is our favorite, with it's awesome outdoor area in the back. There's also Bernal Yoga, Good Life Grocery, multiple cafes, and a public library with adjacent playground and blacktop. And make sure to save time to walk up around Bernal Hill, with its 360 degree views of the city and treetop rope swing.
Bernal Heights has recently been in the media spotlight as Redfin's number one neighborhood in the U.S.--I'm not quite sure what that means, but I know that this is my favorite neighborhood in San Francisco, and that is saying a lot. It's an intimate village yet very accessible to the hustle and bustle of the Mission plus great open natural areas. We are a very close walk (2 blocks) to the weekly Saturday Alemany farmer's market--one of the best in the city--on Sundays the same location is a flea market. It is less than a 10 minute walk to Cortland Ave. where one can find our local library, one of multiple neighborhood playgrounds, wonderful markets (The Good Life, Avedanos Butcher Shop, 331 Cortland), quality restaurants, delicious bakeries, cafés, etc. There are also some great green areas nearby--Holly Park and Bernal Hill with its wonderful views all over San Francisco and over the bay to the East.
Bernal Heights is SF's hidden gem. It is a quiet, hilly neighborhood with astonishing views of the bay and the city around every corner. You could spend a whole day searching for Bernal's dozens of hidden stairways. Bernal Hill Park, an incredible 26 acre hilltop park and off leash dog area with miraculous views, is a mere 5 minute walk away. Our house is on Bernal's northeast slope, near Precita Park, just a few minutes walk to the Mission neighborhood. Precita Park has an amazing playground, an organic corner store, a delicious cafe open all day, and a gourmet neighborhood restaurant. You can also wander over to Bernal's central street, Cortland Avenue, about a 15 minute walk from the house. On Cortland you'll find bakeries, restaurants, shops, cafés and all the locals living the SF life. You'll fall in love with Bernal! 
Bernal Heights is a charming and family-friendly neighborhood. The house is across the street from the Mission District so you can enjoy both the quaintness and views of Bernal Heights along with the wonderful restaurants and lively nightlife in the Mission District from this location.
Bernal Heights is a charming family-oriented neighborhood with many parks, good restaurants, and a small town feel.  (URL HIDDEN) It is a relatively large neighborhood. We are on the south side.
Bernal Heights is a charming little neighborhood in San Francisco with easy access to the rest of the city.  We are also close to Noe Valley, Glen Park, and the Mission shopping district.  The house is located a half block from Cortland Avenue with lots of great restaurants and shops, a library and playground, gym, and gourmet grocery stores.
Bernal Heights is a chic urban village full of restaurants, shops, and galleries. Spend your days wandering the cafes and shops of Cortland Street, or exploring the numerious gardens and parks the neighborhood has to offer. Definitely do not miss the view from the top of Bernal Hill  -- it offers unparalelled views of the city of San Francisco and San Francisco Bay. It's also one of the only places you can see both the Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay Bridge from one spot!
Bernal Heights is a cozy neighborhood, with plenty of amenities, cafe's bars, grocery, library, church, 3 parks, 2 of which are hill top and have amazing views!  It's one of those villages in SF that you hear about, it has everything you need, and is very quaint and inviting.  My house is a 10 min walk from Cortland Ave which is the main drag, 3 bus stops are also within 10 min. walking. Bus line 24 is on Cortland Ave, Busline 67 goes through the neighborhood and bus 9 is a 5 min walk from the house on Bayshore Blvd. There is plenty of street parking too, in case you have a car, it's never a problem to park out front.
Bernal Heights is a cute little neighborhood cafe just a couple blocks away. The beautiful Mission is walking distances with alleyways that have murals on walls throughout the Mission.
Bernal Heights is a cute, mostly residential area with easy access to shops, cafés and restaurants. Within 10 minutes walking you can find Hillside Supper Club, Precita Café and Precita Park, Charlie's Cafe, & Harvest Hills Market. Just around the corner is Bernal Heights Park which is a great place for strolling, jogging and epic 360 views of the city.
Bernal Heights is a diverse and family friendly neighborhood to the south of the Mission District. The apartment is located right where they meet, giving you the best of both worlds. Enjoy picture perfect views from the top of Bernal Heights or a stroll across the park, or head down into the Mission and find amazing local shops, hidden alleys filled with murals, world famous food & drinks, or quirky attractions like indoor mini-golf.
Bernal Heights is a fantastic neighborhood replete with bakeries, cafes, restaurants, bars, grocery stores, fitness and yoga studios, retail shops, library, and parks.   We live within a 2 minute walk from 2 parks that have playgrounds, baseball diamonds, tennis and basketball courts.  We are a 5 minute walk from Cortland Street, the main hub of Bernal.
Bernal Heights is a great neighborhood. It is quiet at night and filled with friendly people.
Bernal Heights is a hidden gem in San Francisco and was voted America's hottest neighborhood in 2014! Steep hills lend to sweeping views, the bay side location ensures the best weather in San Francisco's micro-climates, and Cortland Street has all the necessities of a cozy urban neighborhood, including an organic grocery store, unique boutiques, locally owned coffee shops, several yoga studios, and many incredible restaurants and bars. Don't miss the Alemany Farmers' Market on Saturdays; it's the oldest farmers' market in California (established in 1943) and offers a stunning variety of fresh produce amid colorful murals and food trucks. On Sundays, return for the flea market where you can browse through a hodgepodge of antique and vintage goods.
Bernal Heights is a hidden gem in San Francisco with great parks - Holly Park and Bernal Hill and cute Cortland Street with lots of restaurants and shops.  Close to Mission Street and Mission District
Bernal Heights is a hilly neighborhood with colorful houses on narrow streets.  It's just south of the Mission and near Noe Valley and Glen Park.  Within a 10 minute walk we have supermarkets, hardware store, laundry, many restaurants (Indian, Cambodian, Peruvian, Mexican, Salvadorean, and more).  It's a safe, sunny neighborhood and has views of the city.   Bernal Heights is just removed from the center of the city with easy access to other neighborhoods.  
Bernal Heights is a hip and fun neighborhood. Has all the charm of a small village, but is also quite worldly. The weather is sunny and bright most of the time. Hiking up Bernal hill is a favorite pastime for many in the neighborhood. We are located on the south side of the slope. There is lots to do here, plus we are a hop, skip, and jump away from the Mission district, and Noe Valley. Public transpiration is conveniently available right around the corner from our house and can take you anywhere you want to go. There is a blog for our neighborhood: Berna(URL HIDDEN) for current info. and news about Bernal Heights. Sandbox bakery is yummy, and there are lots of good restaurants ... Vega, Bernal Star, Hillside Supper Club, Moki's Sushi, the Front Porch, Blue Plate, Little Bea's bakery, Martha's Cafe, Precita Park Cafe. Great library too. Bernal Park, Holy Park, and Precita Park are all close by and are great for kids. The Good Life grocery store is a nice market and has a lot of organic
Bernal Heights is a lovely neighborhood in the southern part of the city just south of San Francisco's famous Mission District.
Bernal Heights is a quiet neighborhood oasis of single-family homes in the heart of the city. The north slope is close enough to walk right into the Mission with amazing restaurants and cafes.  Bernal is adjacent to the Mission, Noe Valley, Glen Park and Castro. Easy access to downtown and the 101.
Bernal Heights is a quiet, residential neighborhood close to the Mission. It offers a variety of good restaurants and shopping options.
Bernal Heights is a quiet, safe, charming residential neighborhood on a hill above the Mission District. The Mission District is a very large, colorful, lively neighborhood. The hippest area in SF.  Hundreds of restaurants, cafes, unique shops and galleries within easy walking distance. At least a dozen good, inexpensive ethnic restaurants within two blocks. This is the sunniest and warmest part of SF.
Bernal Heights is a really a small town smack dab in the middle of a big city. We're located within a block of three major transit lines and just steps from shops and restaurants on Mission's "La Lingua" district and Cortland Street shopping district.
Bernal Heights is a really unique area. Very close to all the exciting attractions of the Mission, but quiet and serene at night. Very safe, and very suitable for families. Unlike most of San Francisco, parking is easy and we are a few blocks from supermarkets, laundry,  and over 40 restaurants.   There's lots of sun in our neighborhood, great views, and if you hike up the hill a few blocks, perhaps the best view in the city.
Bernal Heights is a safe residential neighborhood in San Francisco. It's very quiet at night and is safe to walk after dark. Because it's on a hill, it has the feel of a small village in the heart of the city. It's very charming! Bernal Heights features good parks, lots of popular restaurants, and some of the best panoramic views of the city. We are two short blocks away from the main street Cortland Ave., which has a unique small village feel to it, even though it's full of trendy restaurants and cafes.  There is a blog about Bernal Heights called Bernalwood. The neighborhood is very popular with home buyers. It was named the hottest neighborhood in the US 2014 by Redfin. On Cortland Ave. you will find just about anything you need. There are three cafes, three bars, a gym, a yoga studio, a gift shop, an organic grocery store, Bank of America, a meat market, wine bar, art gallery, a plant store (succulents), a public library, food vendors, a tea shop, a pet store, and a small-batch art
Bernal Heights is a stunning example of San Francisco's unique communities. There is a vibrant community life easily visible by the street fairs, community events at the library and parks, and comfortable conversation you will find at any one of the local shops and restaurants.
Bernal Heights is a sunny, welcoming, family-friendly neighborhood that retains a village-like feel while still being part of the city.  We are within walking distance to Precita Park and playground, Bernal Heights Park with its amazing 360-degree views, local cafes and  restaurants and a laundromat.  Walk to the Mission or hop on public transport to get downtown or to SOMA in 20 minutes.
Bernal Heights is a sweet residential neighborhood, just south of the Mission District. Cortland Avenue, which is 4 blocks away, has bars, restaurants, coffee shops, and a good grocery store.
Bernal Heights is a typical San Francisco neighborhood. Residential in character with easy access to the City and everything you might need. A quiet residential community experience within a "Global" city.
Bernal Heights is a unique neighborhood; good people, gay friendly, great shops and wonderful off-leash parks. We are five short blocks from Cortland Avenue, with restaurants, cafes, bakeries, boutique shops, groceries, and yoga and pilates studios.  Our house has very quick access to 280 and 101; and we are a 10-15 minute drive to the San Francisco airport.  We are also a 10-minute walk to the Alemany Farmer’s Market on Saturday mornings, one of the most popular (and also the oldest) farmer’s market in San Francisco.
Bernal Heights is a unique village like neighborhood within San Francisco. Our main street, Cortland Ave.,is only a couple blocks away with lots of restaurants and shops.  Please look at Airbnb's "Neighborhood" section for more detailed information about the area. A couple favorite restaurants are Liberty Cafe, Moki's sushi and Piqueos Peruvian food. Half a block away is the Esmeralda Stairway which takes you to the top of Bernal Hill.
Bernal Heights is a very cozy enclave in the middle of a large urban area.  It's very close to San Francisco's Mission District which is a great place to go for a raucous night out with it's many restaurants and bars, but if you'd like something a little more low-key and family friendly, just go down to Cortland St. and wander around.  Pinhole Coffee is a great coffee shop just three doors down from our house.  Continuing down Cortland from there are a few restaurants worth trying: Vega, Bernal Star, and Red Hill Station, are all great or you can keep walking down until you get to Little Nepal which has great Nepalese food.  Cortland also is home to the Good Life grocery store and there is a public library with a great playground behind it.  If hiking is more your thing then you can walk 2 blocks up Bonview from our place and ascend Bernal Hill for great views of the City.
Bernal Heights is a very special neighborhood, with narrow winding streets, expansive views and nice people!  Oh and great food too! just on Cortland Ave alone there is a wide variety of international flavors.
Bernal Heights is a very special neighborhood, with narrow winding streets, expansive views and nice people!  Plenty of coffee shops, restaurants and interesting shops
Bernal Heights is a village within the City of San Francisco and is considered to be the hottest neighborhood in the USA. It has outstanding nightlife and terrific urban hiking with super easy public transport access. There are lots of restaurants, shops and bars and places to meet other like minded people. Lots of coffee shops and other amenities are also available in this great tree studded neighborhood.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful SF community, very diverse and accepting, on rolling hills, one of The City's most popular.   Lots of young families with dogs, lesbian and gay, all ages and races.  Laid back, humble, and unpretentious.  Parks in every direction.  Bernal Hill with space to run and paths to hike and explore. Excellent restaurants with varying cuisines.  Cute shops, like Noe Valley except you can always find a parking place. That's one reason it is now the hottest real estate market in the country, so the real estate association reports.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful San Francisco neighborhood. It is quiet and residential yet very convenient for public transportation and close to everything. Our home is on the border of the Mission District, filled with restaurants, bars and nightlife. We are close to two lovely parks, one of which has amazing views of the city and across the Bay. There is also a main shopping street nearby with shops, restaurants and a great grocery store.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood full of delightful restaurants, cafes, bakeries and independently owned boutiques and shops. Within the vicinity, we have our own library, fitness gym, dry cleaner, pet store, yoga studio, florist, as well as parks and playgrounds. A few short blocks away is San Francisco’s famous Alemany Farmers Market (Sat) and Flea Market (Sun). 
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood full of great restaurants and shops. Enjoy a 10 minute walk to the heart of it all on Courtland St. It is a family friendly neighborhood, and as such, closes down by about 10PM. Bernal Heights Park is 1 block from our house where you can enjoy a great 1.5 mile hike with panoramic views of San Francisco. If you are looking for a bit more action, just head down the north side of the hill (10 minutes walking) and you will be in the heart of San Francisco's Mission neighborhood!
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood with lots of shops, great restaurants, and super markets close by.  Nearby great food spots: Blue Plate St. Jorge's Cafe Pizza Hacker The Front Porch Bernal Star Red Hill Emmy's Spaghetti Shack  Vega Italian Resturant  Good Life Grocery Store on Cortland Ave (walking distance) Safeway Supermarket on Mission Street (short walk or drive + has large parking lot) Canyon Market in Glen Park (short drive) And Many more - Just search "Bernal Heights Restaurants"  in Yelp There are two parks close by: -Bernal Hill, with great views of the city and wonderful hilltop with open trails to walk around.  -Hollly Park, close to the house with a tennis court, play ground, and baseball field.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood, and you will live in the best part of it. My apartment is just next to Precita Park where you'll find several nice coffeehouses, restaurants and a grocery store. Bernal Heights Park is just next door and you can walk up the hill and enjoy 360 degree panoramic views. The location is perfect for people who prefer staying in a safe and community oriented neighborhood while being just at the doorstep of the Mission district with its bars, restaurants and clubs. Bernal Heights also has a very nice center which is called Cortland Avenue where you'll find tons of bars and restaurants that are pretty fairly priced and feel like true neighborhood/community bars. The location is on a hill, but it is a very easy walk to my apartment since it is only two blocks from Cesar Chavez. You will love the location. I certainly wouldn't want to live anywhere else in San Francisco.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood.  Cortland Avenue, with restaurants, shops, bars, a grocery store, and public transportation, is less than one block away.  A 5-minute walk will take you to the top of Bernal Heights Park, with some of the best views over San Francisco and a nice path for running.  Bernal Heights has some of the sunniest weather in San Francisco.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood. Because of our amazing area and close proximity to the Mission, we think that our little section of Bernal is the best. A short walk in any direction, (up the hill is a work out), and you'll find almost every type boutique and local cuisine from inexpensive burrittos to the best new restaurant in America (Al's Place) according to Bon Appetit.  Bernal is a fantastic little area, particularly the north slope. Precita Park Café is at the end of the block, the park itself is just beyond that, and within 3-4 blocks is the eclectic and authentic 24th street corridor, bursting with taquerias, cafes, restaurants, bars and shops.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood. Because of our amazing area and close proximity to the Mission, we think that our little section of Bernal is the best. Once you walk down the hill, you can find almost every type of cuisine from inexpensive burrittos to the best new restaurant in America (Al's Place) according to Bon Appetit.  Bernal is a fantastic little area, particularly the north slope. Precita Park Café is at the end of the block, the park itself is just beyond that, and within 3-4 blocks is the eclectic and authentic 24th street corridor, bursting with taquerias, cafes, restaurants, bars and shops.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful neighborhood. Because of our amazing views and close proximity to the Mission, we think that our little section of Bernal is the best. Once you walk down the hill, you can find almost every type of cuisine from inexpensive burrittos to the best new restaurant in America (Al's Place) according to Bon Appetit. Once you arrive, we look forward to making recommendations to you on the best places to go.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful, family oriented neighborhood with restaurants, cafes, bars, shops, parks, playgrounds and gorgeous views of the city.
Bernal Heights is a wonderful, family-friendly neighborhood with many restaurants and bakeries, a gym, a dry cleaner, a library, a great supermarket, and several coffee shops. House is an easy walk to shopping, restaurants, and several parks with playgrounds, basketball & tennis courts, grassy areas, etc.
Bernal Heights is an up and coming neighborhood in San Francisco and the north slope in particular is experiencing a renaissance with the recent blooming of Precita Park, which has a great cafe, a fantastic small grocer, a wonderful playground and a huge lawn, all within a five minute walk. You can venture a bit further into the Mission District to 24th Street, a vibrant holdout of the old Mission with taquerias, restaurants, bakeries, cafes, grocers, bookstores, boutiques, and bars.  A short hike up the hill to Bernal Heights Park reveals stunning views of the City.  Keep going and you'll get to Cortland Avenue, Bernal Heights' de facto Main Street.
Bernal Heights is an up-and-coming neighborhood with a mix of newly remodeled homes and classic San Francisco homes. It has a walkscore of 88 and is nearby everything you need. Bernal is very dog friendly, and you'll see dozens of owners with dogs walking around. There are a few cute coffee shops and restaurants within a 5 minute walk, and a local grocery store as well.
Bernal Heights is awesome! Not totally gentrified yet, the place has charm and an old SF feel. Lot of great restaurants and bars. We are also close to the Mission District and Noe Valley. 
Bernal Heights is becoming one of the hottest locations in SF because of it's village-like atmosphere, abundance of park space and awesome main street: Cortland ave - which we are a 6-minute walk from.
Bernal Heights is becoming one of the most sought after places to live in San Francisco. It's right next to the Mission which is one of the best nightlife areas with a wide array of exciting bars and restaurants, but it's still quiet and has a real sense of community. 
Bernal Heights is described as a pretty little village in the city and voted hottest neighborhood: (URL HIDDEN) Bordering Potrero Hill, the Mission and Noe Valley, this sunny neighborhood offers many attractions and amenities, including trendy Zagat rated restaurants, bars, cafes (Martha’s, Pinhole and Progressive Grounds), and unique shops such as the Epicurean Trader, Chloe’s Closet and Succulence. The Good Life, akin to a mini Whole Foods is the neighborhood’s grocer. Several parks including the Bernal Heights hilltop vista with stunning SF views are all situated in this neighborly zip code.
Bernal Heights is described as a pretty little village in the city and voted hottest neighborhood: (website hidden).U2EeU97n-P9. Bordering Potrero Hill, the Mission and Noe Valley, this sunny neighborhood offers many attractions and amenities, including restaurants, bars, and stores, such as The Good Life, akin to a mini Whole Foods. Also of note is Sandbox Bakery, where one can find what neighbors think are the best croissants in the area.
Bernal Heights is fun for kids of all ages. Views from the hill are phenomenal any time of day. There are playgrounds, restaurants, parlours, bakeries, and all kinds of specialty stores all along Cortland, just a block from the house.
Bernal Heights is geat!  There's the mountain where people go walk, run or take their dogs which has one of the best views of the city.  Cortland street is right up the street with great restaurants, coffee shops, a library and pretty much any type of store your looking for.  It's a diverse community that's cozy and friendly.
Bernal Heights is great for families and those who want to enjoy a peaceful yet fun side of San Francisco.  We're close enough to the fun to be able to enjoy leaving the car at home and walking/ taking public transit around yet we live in a quite area where you can sit in the park or garden and sometimes forget than your in a city at all.  Bernal is also famous for being one of the sunnier/ less foggy areas of the city. 
Bernal Heights is in the southern part of the city, bordering the Mission district with all the nice restaurants you'd want to go to anyway. It's a 10 min walk from BART which takes you downtown in less than 15 minutes  And while parking in SF is always tough, garage parking in the driveway is available, and there's plenty of free street parking as well (no permit required). A three minute walk from a large park (St. Mary's Park). A ten minute walk from Cortland St. - busy street with lots of great restaurants and stores.
Bernal Heights is known as one of the hottest neighborhoods in SF.
Bernal Heights is known for charming boutique shopping and great restaurants on Cortland St.   A 10-minute walk or 4-minute bus ride will also take you to delicious Mission St. restaurants including Ichi Sushi, Pizza Hacker, and happening local bars.
Bernal Heights is one of San Francisco's most desirable and safe neighborhoods. Walking distance to restaurants, coffee, shopping, farmers' market and public trans. Bright and spacious private room. Ideal for small family of 3, or a couple's weekend away.
Bernal Heights is one of San Francisco's well-kept secrets. It's an incredibly friendly and vibrant place, with several parks and amazing views over the city and Bay. Cortland Avenue features several bars, some great restaurants and a well-stocked supermarket. The Mission district is a short walk away.
Bernal Heights is one of the best spots in SF. A real gem. Safe, free parking, no homeless, people actually say hi here. Near great Bernal cafes, restaurants, natural food grocer, and great cuisine. 10min walk to the top of Bernal Hill. 1 block from beautiful public library, church, Italian wine bar, yoga studio, & gym.
Bernal Heights is one of the hottest neighborhoods in the city.  Our house is located a half block from a range of amazing restuarants from Peruvian to Japanese, quaint shops, a beautiful Library, kids park and playground, amazing dog park, and farmers market.  We are also only a twenty minute walk to the trendy Valencia corridor in the Mission.
Bernal Heights is one of the last non-gentrified neighborhoods in San Francisco. It is safe and easy to navigate, with a playground, library, grocery store, and a variety of restaurants, all within walking distance of the house.  Bernal is built into a hill. Our house is on the southern slope. A half mile walk uphill will take you to the trails around the top of the hill from where you get a spectacular view of the city.
Bernal Heights is one of the more desirable neighborhoods in San Francisco. Cortland Avenue is like a little village with shops, cafes, restaurants, a grocery store, etc. The top of the hill is a good place to walk with great city views.
Bernal Heights is one of the most popular little village neighborhoods in the Nation with great parks,  nice homes and amazing city views, when here check out Bernal Heights Park and see all of SF then walk down to Cortland Ave and see all the shops of Bernal Heights Business district.
Bernal Heights is one of the up and coming neighborhoods in the city. In fact it was voted "Americas hottest neighborhood" by Redfin. (URL HIDDEN) It's a very vibrant neighborhood that reflects all that is great about SF. Just steps from the house you will find great food, coffee and cocktails. The hill is a beautiful place to walk and has great views of the city.
Bernal Heights is the 'hidden gem' of San Francisco. It's a charming neighborly village overlooking San Francisco's most lively neighborhood - The Mission.  Our North East corner of Bernal It's easy to get to, easy to park, easy access to Mission and downtown, and stunning views of the City and the Bay.
Bernal Heights is the best neighborhood in SF! Like its sibling the Mission District, but more grown-up.  Being close to the base of Bernal Hill, our area is more walkable, and has much easier access to the rest of San Francisco than any other part of Bernal Heights. Everything mentioned below is a place you can easily walk to. We are spoiled for good food: It's hard to find anywhere on the planet with as much variety within walking distance. Zagat's highest rated sushi joint in the City, ICHI Sushi, is about a block from us. Tacos and burritos are everywhere. Ramen, Thai, Chinese/Hunanese, Cambodian, Salvadorian, BBQ, pizza, Peruvian, Italian/Sardinian, and I could go on. There's a new Gastro Pub opening soon, and also a new Japanese curry shop! Mmm, currrrryy. There are caffeinated hang outs like Cafe St. Jorge, and Cafe XO. We've got the Hill: Bernal Heights is, naturally, a great steep hill with houses perched precariously upon it; and that's what we call a neighborhood here in SF.
Bernal Heights is the best neighborhood in all of San Francisco in our opinion.  It has the warm and relatively fog free weather of the Mission, easy access to great restaurants and shopping, and it's up above it all on the hill with beautiful views and a quiet neighborhood feel. One of the many reasons we love our house is that it's high enough up the hill to provide a nice view, but not so high that we can't easily bike to it.
Bernal Heights is the best of city life at a relaxed pace. Gay-friendly, family-friendly, laid-back and comfortable. It's one of the warmest and sunniest in SF.  The neighborhood is very walkable; close to Cortland Avenue with its great restaurants, bars, groceries, playgrounds, a library, shops, yoga and Pilates studios. Nearby neighborhoods include the Mission, the Valencia Street corridor, Noe Valley and Glen Park.  It's a 10-minute walk to the Alemany Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings. Our home is a perfect home base for exploring San Francisco and the Bay Area.
Bernal Heights is wonderful. Our house is a block away from the stunning Bernal Park with 360 views of the City.
Bernal Heights named 2014 hottest neighborhood in the United States.   See link: (URL HIDDEN)
Bernal Heights neighborhood has a friendly, village feel, with interesting shops and good restaurants, including a café and a library with internet access. There is also a bicycle shop where you can rent an electric bike ($85 all day, 24 hours). Flea market on Sundays and Farmer's market on Saturdays are nearby. Climb Bernal Hill for a fantastic view of the city.
Bernal Heights north slope is the epitome of a livable city neighborhood - friendly and relaxed, with a balance of urban life and nature. It borders the vibrant Mission district and family-friendly Noe Valley, with close proximity to UCSF Mission Bay, Potrero Hill, Glen Park and Dogpatch neighborhoods. Precita Park is just 1 block away, with its lovely, tree-lined green, and children's playground. Businesses around the park include Precita Park Cafe, Hillside Supperclub, Harvest Hills Market, Precita Eyes Mural Center, Precita Bark, Charlie's Cafe, Precita Laundry. Bernal Heights Hill Park is a 5-block walk up the hill, or drive, where a spectacular, panoramic view of the city and the Bay and walking trails await. ......................  PARKING is street parking only, but there are no residential parking permits or street cleaning limitations near the house ......................  NEARBY:  In the 15-20 minute walk range are great restaurants and businesses on Mission and 24th Streets 
Bernal Heights north slope is the epitome of a liveable urban neighborhood - a friendly, relaxed balance of urban and nature. It's excellent location is in the sunny part of town, bordering the vibrant Mission district and family-friendly Noe Valley, with close proximity to UCSF Mission Bay, Potrero Hill, Glen Park and Dogpatch neighborhoods. Precita Park is just 1 block away, with its lovely, tree-lined green, and children's playground.  Businesses around the park include Precita Park Cafe, Hillside Supperclub, Harvest Hills Market, Precita Eyes Mural Center, Charlie's Cafe, and Precita Laundry. Bernal Heights Hill Park is a 5-block walk up the hill, or drive, where a spectacular, panoramic view of the city and the Bay and walking trails await. Nearby: In the 15-20 minute walk range are great restaurants and businesses on Mission and 24th Streets including Blue Plate, Front Porch, Local Eatery, Philz Coffee, Humphrey Slocombe Ice Creamery, Dynamo Donuts, St. Francis soda fountain, taq
Bernal Heights offers excellent views of the city just a few steps out your front door. A friendly neighborhood where it is fun to walk around. Check out the many parks, excellent restaurants and coffee shops just a couple of blocks away. We are also just a 10 minutes walk from the Mission district.
Bernal Heights offers great restaurants on Cortland St and is a short ride to the bustling Mission district.  If you like walking hills, Bernal Hill offers a nice hike and stunning views of the city.
Bernal Heights originally called Red Hill is San Francisco's upcoming and trendy neighbourhood with boutique cafes, restaurants, wine bar, art gallery and shops. Less than a minute's walk from the studio are major bus lines with easy connections to the Castro & Noe Valley, Downtown, Golden Gate Park & the beach, or any part of the city/bay area.  Bernal Heights is rated as the most desirable place to live in the country that is distinctly San Francisco.  The neighborhood is extremely friendly to all (including LGBT) with a diverse and eclectic community of residents.  But what really makes Bernal Heights such a special place is all the locally owned and operated businesses on Cortland Avenue in the Bernal Village (no big chains, or fast food here).  Centered around the beautiful Bernal Heights Library are an assortment of wonderful and unique restaurants, specialty shops, cafes, and specialty shops.  If your looking for food, wine, or just something special then you can find some of th
Bernal Heights originally called Red Hill is filled with boutique cafes, restaurants, wine bar, bakeries and shops. A minute's walk from the apartment are major bus lines with easy connections to the beach or downtown or Golden Gate Park or any part of the city/bay area. Great views from Bernal Hill, a 1 block uphill hike from the flat and there is also Holly Park, well maintained with tennis and other recreation areas five minutes from the apartment.
Bernal Heights was just voted the top neighborhood in the nation. A five minute walk takes one to Holly Park, Ten minutes takes you to Cortland Ave, where one can easily access bars, restaurants, a butchershop/European grocer( Avedano's),  coffee shops, bakeries and more .Up hill from Cortland, one can take a walk around Bernal Hill, which has one of the best views of the city.
Bernal Heights was voted America's #1 neighborhood!  It sits just above the Mission District, our vibrant Latino neighborhood. It has the best weather in San Francisco. It has the best views.  It has a safe, friendly village feel to it. A fifteen minute walk will take you to Cortland Avenue, a lovely shopping street complete with healthy grocery market, unique gift store, yoga, massage, library, bank and art galleries. There you will find a multitude of delicious eating establishments - Japanese, Nepalese, Peruvian, Italian, Mexican, California cuisine, excellent coffee shops and bakeries.     Right outside our door is Bernal Hill, a beautiful piece of parkland that affords a 360º view of San Francisco.  Come here for sunrise, sunset or for star gazing!    Don't miss our Alemany Market which becomes a fabulous Farmers Market on Saturdays and a Flea Market on Sundays.
Bernal Heights was voted America's hottest neighborhood in 2014. With its quiet residential streets and bustling Cortland Avenue where you will find amazing restaurants and cute local shops, it's no wonder that so many people want to live here! Recommendations while visiting Bernal Heights (all of these suggestions are short walks from our house!): Bernal Hill - This large open space park sits at the very top of the neighborhood and offers panoramic views of the city and San Francisco Bay. Wear comfortable shoes and expect to see many adorable dogs romping around while their owners enjoy the brisk walk. Bernal Yoga - this local yoga studio prides itself on offering classes for experience levels. It's perfect to drop in after a day of walking the hilly city so you can loosen those hamstrings! Holy Water - a great local hip bar complete with wooden tables and edison lightbulbs. The bartenders are mixing up tasty cocktails and they also have a large selection of sour beers. St. Jorge Cafe
Bernal Heights was voted America's hottest neighborhood!  It has the best weather in San Francisco. It has the best views.  It has a safe, friendly village feel to it.   Our "main street" Cortland Avenue has a little of everything, including several world class restaurants.   Right outside our door is Bernal Hill, a beautiful piece of parkland that affords a 360º view of San Francisco.  Come here for sunrise, sunset or for star gazing!   Don't miss our Alemany Market which becomes a fabulous Farmers Market on Saturdays and a Flea Market on Sundays. 
Bernal Heights was voted America's hottest neighborhood!  It has the best weather in San Francisco. It has the best views.  It has a safe, friendly village feel to it.  Our "main street" Cortland Avenue has a little of everything, including several world class restaurants.  Right outside our door is Bernal Hill, a beautiful piece of parkland that affords a 360º view of San Francisco.  Come here for sunrise, sunset or for star gazing!  Don't miss our Alemany Market which becomes a fabulous Farmers Market on Saturdays and a Flea Market on Sundays.
Bernal Heights was voted the best San Francisco neighborhood to live in.   It's a village within a city with lovely views, cafes & restaurants, parks, a library, a great bakery and grocery stores.   If you enjoy running or hiking, it's a perfect place to visit because you get the best of both worlds.  Also right down the hill is the Mission District which is chock-filled with restaurants, clubs and shops.  The top of Bernal Heights offers a spectacular 360 degree view of the city and the bay.  For those who have a car, there is plenty  free street parking on Ripley or adjacent streets in Bernal Heights during the day.  In the evenings, when neighbors return from work you may have to park in adjacent streets in the neighborhood.  Staying in  Bernal Heights during your visit to San Francisco will make you feel like you are an "insider" rather than a visitor living in a hotel downtown.
Bernal Heights, voted hottest US neighborhood in 2014 While the neighborhood has been considered a hidden treasure, recently Bernal Heights gained national attention and earned the title of “hottest neighborhood in 2014.”  Many residents have lived in the area for many years, and it has remained a stronghold of bohemian lifestyles as the rest of the city has changed all around it. Easy access to highways makes it highly desirable among those commuting to Silicon Valley. With the ruggedly expansive Bernal Hill Park at its center, it's no surprise that dogs and kids seem at times to outnumber adults in the neighborhood. Cortland Avenue is the main commercial drag; ethnic dining and nightlife mix on this eclectic street. A popular destination is the stretch of Mission Street, with several trendy restaurants and hip bars. Community spirit is strong in Bernal Heights, which has its own newspaper, the Bernal Journal, and its own neighborhood blog . Each year brings the much anticipated Fiest
Bernal Heights--the North Slope in particular--was Redfin's 2014 "Hottest Neighborhood in America."  (URL HIDDEN) Easy access to 101 and the 280, fantastic little restaurants, bars and coffee shops.
Bernal Hill offers great hiking and views of the City and bridges, and it's a short walk to Bernal shops and restaurants from our house.
Bernal height is a sunny neighborhood with many famous parks and restaurants. Easy access for public transportation. Bus route very close.
Bernal heights is super cute and mellow, and I generally park the bus next to a park that is close to the Mission and public transit. There's a couple of cafes and a corner store nearby, and a world of other options exist 5-10 min walk away.
Bernal is a cute bedroom community of SF, perched up on a hill, with views galore!! Cortland Ave is the main commerce street of the neighborhood, with many unique restaurants, shops and more!  This flat is only steps from all of the action. Welcome to our neighborhood
Bernal is a fantastic little 'hood, particularly the north slope.  Precita Park Café is at the end of the block, the park itself is just beyond that, and within 3-4 blocks is the eclectic and authentic 24th street corridor, bursting with taquerias, cafes, restaurants, bars and shops.
Bernal is a friendly neighborhood in the south-east part of the city, with easy access to highway 101 and Interstate 280, and only 15 minutes from San Francisco airport. The house is within walking distance to Bernal Hill, with 360 degree views of the city, and Cortland Street, the neighborhood's main artery, with restaurants, cafes, and shops. 
Bernal is a lovely neighborhood - really feels like a quaint village in the heart of the city. There's a grocery store and lots of coffee shops and restaurants just a couple blocks away, and the whole city just beyond.
Bernal is a mellow neighborhood where San Franciscans actually live; quirky, diverse and a great place for kids and dogs.
Bernal is a wonderful neighborhood in the classic sense of the word. Being on a prominent hill not only gives us great views, it makes us a bit of an 'island' in the city. Our little main drag of Cortland Street has a dozens of wonderful local businesses, including the city's best butcher (Avedano's), best bakery (Sandbox), and a wonderful organic grocery (Good Life). At the foot of our hill lie the Mission District and Noe Valley, both easy walks and wonderful destinations in their own right.
Bernal is one of SF's most popular neighborhoods. It's a funky enclave that's surrounded by vibrant city life. In particular, Precita Park is a desirable location because it's so close to the outstanding Mission Street and 24th Street restaurants and bars, the BART, and the 101. Enjoy beautiful 360 degrees views of the city by hiking atop Bernal Heights. 
Bernal is surrounded with fabulous restaurants and parks. Cortland St and Mission have great restaurants and stores. Here are some of our favorites just down the street - Moki, Piquenos, Ichi, Bernal Star, (and the bar of course - Holy Waters. There's a nice Italian wine bar on our street too!
Bernal is the next neighborhood south of the Mission.  It is phenomenal.  Sunny weather, great parks to play in, Bernal Hill to hike, cool bars, delicious bakeries, a natural grocery, restaurants, boutiques, playgrounds and library.   This neighborhood has a very small-town vibe, with a charming main street and just minutes away from freeway access, BART public transportation, bus lines, and 12 minutes from SFO (San Francisco International Airport).
Bernal is where the locals live. Its off the beaten path but only steps from the hustle and bustle. Its a real neighborhood with real families who live here. 
Bernal unique in that it's a quiet little community on a hill that feels a long way from the city (our neighbors have chickens that often roam into our garden) and yet it's right in the heart of the city. The Mission is where all the interesting bars, galleries and restaurants are springing up. Walking distance to lots of cool stuff going on in the neighborhood..
Centrally located in charming Bernal Heights (named "hottest neighborhood in US" by Redfin) and 2.5 blocks from Cortland Avenue, Bernal's friendly main street, where you can shop, eat, sit in a cafe, sip wine, or play at several local playgrounds and parks. Bernal is a urban oasis--a village-like feel but with easy access to the Mission District and Noe Valley, and a 15 minute trip to downtown SF. Walk to the Saturday Alemany Farmer's market--the oldest one in California. Make sure you walk to the top of Bernal Hill for amazing 360 degree views of San Francisco.
Centrally located neighborhood bordering the vibrant Mission District, quaint Bernal Heights, family-friendly Glen Park, and exclusive Noe Valley 1 block to Safeway, Walgreens, coffee shops, excellent restaurants, and Mitchell's famous ice cream!
Check out the photo section for a few local highlights. We are regulars at Precita Park Cafe, which is just two short blocks away and not only has excellent coffee and brunch/lunch/dinner options, but also a selection of wine and beer. It overlooks Precita Park, which is a lovely spot on a sunny day. At the other end of the Park is Hillside Supper Club, which has excellent food and wine (and wine-based cocktails) for brunch, lunch, or dinner options. There are some other food options and a well-stocked convenience store/deli at that end of the park too. Just up the hill is Bernal Park, with terrific views of San Francisco and the Bay. There are several quintessentially SF "staircase streets" (i.e., houses clustered either side of a staircase -- no road) to enjoy on the walk up & down. Walking the other way quickly gets you to the Mission -- the vibrant 24th St is just a few minutes' walk away, and Valencia is also in easy walking distance. There is a great selection of cafes, bars, and
Cortland Street is two blocks away and has numerous cafes, bars and restaurants.  Hike to the top of Bernal Hill in 10 minutes and enjoy the panoramic view of San Francisco.
Eclectic Bernal Heights--great parks, hike, restaurants.  Diverse, really nice vibe.  Not over tech-y or toney but safe and fun.
Fabulous restaurants, bars and night clubs all within a 1 block radius. Yet still a quiet residential feel. Lots of parks nearby walking distance: Bernal Hill, Dolores, Billy Goat Hill.
For a description of the Bernal Heights neighborhood, see (URL HIDDEN) and (URL HIDDEN)
Friendly, best weather in San Francisco! Many dining and shopping options within a few blocks. Valencia Corridor and Mission District a short walk. Bernal Hill great hiking. Precita Park and playground 1 block away.
Friendly, sunny, lovely neighborhood with many parks, restaurants and shops just steps away
Glen Park has a variety of great offerings. Located between Glen Park Canyon and St. Mary’s Park, you can enjoy a hike in the beautiful Canyon, play tennis or basketball, or enjoy fantastic dining experiences in places like Gialina Pizza, Tataki Sushi, Le P’tit Laurent, La Corneta, Bellos Coffee & Tea, Tyger’s Café (basic breakfast), Destination Bakery, or pick up great prepared food at Canyon Market.  Only 2 blocks away from a neighborhood grocery, Bosworth Market which has a small taqueria in the back.  If you don’t feel like going out, (URL HIDDEN) delivers pretty much any cuisine your heart desires from a multitude of restaurants-usually within an hour.
Glen Park is a cool little neighborhood with a great food options, including Canyon Market and La Corneta (one of the best taquerias in the city).  We have a great park with hiking trails.  We are very centrally located with easy access to all parts of the city.
Glen Park is a secret gem of SF - and we adore having Glen Park Canyon (10 minute walk) to picnic and/or hike and being just 10 minutes via public transport / cab to downtown SF.
Glen Park is a wonderful little village with the best taqueria in town (La Corneta), a gourmet grocery store (Canyon Market), a bookstore, and other cafes and restaurants.  There is a also Glen Park itself, which has a playground and hiking trails.  We are walking distance to the Mission, Bernal Heights and Noe Valley.
Glen Park neighborhood is a few blocks away  and is a quaint neighborhood with plenty of dining options, coffee shops, stores etc. and VERY near to BART.
Great SF neighborhood with cafes, parks, walking trails, shops, and lots of friendly people. Close to the cultural and trendy Mission District which has some of the best coffee shops and restaurants in the city. A few blocks from Precita Park.  A nice part of San Francisco often missed by visitors!!
Great views, easy BART/bus/driving options. Plenty of great restaurants and bars within short distance. Sunnier than most other parts of San Francisco.
Here in Bernal Heights, the vibrant buzz of Mission Street gives way to the stylish calm of Cortland Avenue. With numerous specialty shops, boutiques, and galleries just steps away, and more than thirty cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance, Bernal Heights is an eclectic shopping and foodie destination. 
House is on top of one of the highest hills in the city. On the back side of the hill downtown "Bernal" still feels like old San Francisco. On the front side the Mission District is now the trendiest area in the city. The Hill provides some of the best views in the city
I believe Bernal Heights is the best neighborhood in San Francisco! However, if you want to just see the tourist sites like Alcatraz, Fisherman's Wharf, the Golden Gate Bridge, you may be happier in a neighborhood on the north side of the city. In Bernal Heights, we have a wonderful shopping street and a hill that is wonderful to walk on that overlooks the entire city. People are friendly and there are several wonderful cafes and bars (including live music) and nationally recognized restaurants for a long hangout or a quick snack. The weather is great here; it's one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco, and never gets too cold in the winter.
I have lived in this neighborhood for nearly 9 years, and I love how it feels offset from the busy part of the city. After a short walk up Cortland Ave you will enter the cozy business district with great restaurants/bars and retail shops. Take a turn up the hill and walk up to the top of Bernal Hill which opens up to views of Downtown SF, the Bay Bridge and Oakland. It's a great place to see sunrises, but even better at sunset to see the reflection of the sun from the other side of the Bay.
I have received reviews from guests that the location is not 5 Stars.  Please be certain that my location meets your needs prior to booking - Bernal heights is an upcoming neighborhood in san francisco - Cortland avenue is bernal height's downtown - Cortland offers various restaurants and coffee shops, including nice wine bars and sports clubs - Bernal heights hill offers a clear view and different perspective of san francisco city skyline - Alemany farmers market is every saturday from dawn to mid-afternoon (early bird gets the worm)
I love how our neighborhood feels quiet but is so close to lots of hustle and bustle. There is the train nearby that takes you straight downtown and we are smack in the middle of Noe Valley (quiet and family oriented), The Mission (hip and lots of great restaurants and bars) and Bernal Heights (more good restaurants!).
I love its friendly atmosphere and the many eateries. It is not central but very well connected with Downtown SF and many other destinations in the city.
I love the architecture, coffee shops and restaurants in Bernal Heights on Cortland St.  Bernal Heights has that small town feel while still being in San Francisco. The views of the entire city from the top of Bernal Hill are outstanding both day and night.
I've lived here for eighteen years and I still love it! Bernal Heights is a real neighborhood where you'll mostly meet locals. There's plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants and a local grocery store up the street -- plus even more choices down on Mission Street, and a more urban atmosphere.  Walking up the hill, you'll get amazing views of the city and Bay Area --  and maybe even a hawk or an owl!
If you like delicious restaurants, unique bars, avant-garde art spaces,  happening parks and the heart of Bay Area public transit you need to stay in the Mission District of San Francisco.  I've collected a travel guide to the best of San Francisco / Oakland so please check out the guidebook for my space.
In 2014, Bernal Heights was named the Hottest Neighborhood in America by Red Fin Realty.  
Interesting, safe, convenient, beautiful, quiet. The best place to live in SF! 
It is a friendly and homey neighborhood. Lots of coffee shops, restaurants, a nice supermarket called The Good Life, a public library, a yoga studio, a Pilates studio, and a few boutique-food stores, with very good quality soups, sandwiches and ethnic foods.
It's quiet and close to everything
Just a 2 minute walk from the muni, and a short 10 minute walk to the Mission or the lovely cafes on 24th street in Noe Valley.
Just a short walk up the hill from the bustling Mission District, we're in the heart of Bernal Heights, a charming neighborhood atop Bernal Hill.  Our house is two blocks from Cortland Ave, where you can try some of San Francisco's best kept gastronomical secrets: Red Hill station for seafood, Piqueo's authentic Peruvian, and Bernal Star for outdoor movies while you enjoy a burger and beer. Or, you can always grab some fresh provisions at Good Life Grocery or the Epicurean trader.  Other tasty delights include Sandbox Bakery, opened by former Slanted Door and Chez Panisse pastry chef Mutsumi Takehara, Pinhole Coffee opened by Blue Bottle descendents, and Avedano's Meats badass butchery. Explore the succulent greenhouse at none other than Succulence or grab a cocktail in the famous, eccentric backyard garden at Wild Side West.  Once you've quenched your thirst, climb up the majestic trails to the top of Bernal Heights where you'll experience panoramic views of Sutro Tower, the Golden Ga
Living on top of Bernal is a bless. Yes, there are a few hills to get here, but hey, this is San Francisco and once on top your perception of the beauty of SF will increase exponentially.  Don't forget to take a walk/hike at Bernal Hill Park which is 3 minutes walking from my house.
Located in Bernal Heights, we are on a hill with amazing views overlooking San Francisco. We are right next to Bernal Heights Park where you can enjoy sprawling grass and great walking trails. Walk 2 blocks down to Cortland Avenue where you’ll find charming bakeries, restaurants, shops, markets, and bars. We are just 10 minutes from the Mission where you can enjoy the famous restaurant and art scene and in 25 minutes you’ll find yourself in Union Square with access to great shopping and historical buildings.
Located in the vibrant Mission between Bernal Heights & Glen Park. Bistro, bars, coffee shops, library, and markets all within blocks of the house.
Location!: Our home is in Bernal Heights, a few houses up from the center of Cortland street, a little micro-village in the heart of San Francisco proper.  Cortland has shops, a great local grocery store, cafés, restaurants, bars, a delicious (and still relatively unknown!) bakery, a library, yoga studio, gift shops, a bike shop with rentals, and more.  Up the hill 1.5 blocks from our house is Bernal Park, a great place to explore, jog, and walk with wildflowers, sweeping views of the City, Bay, and bridges. Six blocks down the hill (or for the more adventuresome, down beautiful garden staircases that weave through our residential neighborhood) is Mission Street and all of the restaurants and transportation options you could want.
Mission between Bernal Heights & Glen Park. Bistro, bars, coffee shops, library, and markets all within blocks of the house.
Mission between trendy Bernal Heights & Glen Park. Bistro, bars, coffee shops, library, and markets all within blocks of the house.
Mission-Bernal Heights is a district of San Francisco, bounded roughly by the 101 freeway on the east and north, Dolores Street on the west, and I-280 on the south. Composed of the historic Mission and Bernal Heights neighborhoods, this area is noted for its ethnic diversity, in particular its large Hispanic community. Though the district is slowly gentrifying, many urban artisans and immigrants still make their home here, and the restaurant and nightlife scene here is among the best in the city and perhaps the most locally-oriented one.  Understand[edit]   Guitar man on Balmy Alley The Mission District (fit in with the locals by just calling it "The Mission") lies to the east of the oldest building in San Francisco, Mission Dolores, though that building is located just within Noe Valley. The area was the site of the Spanish mission that was the kernel of the city San Francisco is today. The mission itself was secularized in the 1820s, and the lands were given to the Native Americans w
My home is located steps from Bernal Hill, a large open space with fantastic views for you to enjoy. You can find several eateries, pubs and specialty shops within walking distance.   The Mission District and Valencia Street are just a short walking distance as well as the 24th Street BART station.
My place is located in the Heart  of three very Important and beautiful neighborhoods, Glen Park to the South Left, Noe Valley  To the North Left and the Mission District to the right, Bart is a seven minute walk where you may find nice French and Italian Restaurants and a whole foods  Market, Muni  J Church train is a three minute walk and all the Mission Buses are one block away, there are many shops, laundryMats, Restaurants one block away however the street is residential and very quiet.
Nestled at the base of beautiful Bernal Hill and half a block from Precita Park, this part of Bernal Heights is a gem. Precita Park Cafe is 100 steps from the apartment and a great place to eat or hang out. Meander over to the park and get some sun and all the dog watching you can handle. Harvest Hills Market, kitty corner from us, is a great little organic market to help stock the fridge. Walk to the top of the hill for a beautiful panoramic view of the City - including the Golden Gate Bridge. Walk West or North and you'll find yourself in the Mission with all the great restaurants and bars. Over the top of the hill is Cortland Ave, the "village" in Bernal with cute shops, restaurants and bars. You're going to love it here.
Noe Valley is a great family neighborhood with many restaurants and shops within one block.  Additionally this flat is located adjacent to and is surrounded by the Mission District, the Castro District, Diamond Heights, Twin Peaks, Glen Park and Bernal Heights.  There is no need to drive once you arrive.
Noe Valley is a quiet district locally known as a good area for families. Plenty of restaurants and eateries, ranging from Michelin Rated to quality takeout. Two blocks from a locally sourced produce market. Three blocks to quality butcher with wild fish and grass-fed beef.
Noe Valley is quaint, charming, sunny (even in the summer) with lots of dog owners and the corner is known as "gourmet gulch" with Japanese, Thai, Sicilian, Indian, Americana, Chinese, and Italian restaurants a block away. Close to parks like Dolores Park and Glen Park. Mitchell's ice cream is a renowned SF favorite local spot, as is Emmy's Spaghetti Shack, The Front Porch, and Blue Plate. Church St:  If you turn Left out of the house, you will head towards Church Street.  All within 2 blocks on Church Street:  •Internet Café:  XO - Free wireless •Breakfast/brunch restaurants:  Toast or Pomelo •Lunch specials:  Regent Thai,  Henry Hunan •Dinner favorites:  Sustainable sushi = Tataki South, Italian = La Nebbia, Fusion = Pomelo, Sicilian if you can get in = La Ciccia, Indian = Clay Oven, Chinese = Henry Hunan  •Dry Cleaning: Between 29th and 30th St on Church. •Mailbox: Corner of 29th St/Church  •Church Produce Grocery: Fresh fruit & vegetables 24th Street, the heart of Noe Valley:  Walk
Officially in Bernal Heights and at the base of San Francisco's Mission/Valencia corridor. The corridor is known as one of the best food destinations in the U.S. While close to tons of great stuff, the flat is on a quiet residential street that gets very little foot or automobile traffic. Have it all, without the noise! Head to Tierra Mia or CoffeeShop on your way out for fantastic pour-over coffee.  And be sure to stop by Mission Pies on your way home from the BART. Enjoy happy hour and great music at neighborhood bars like Iron & Gold, El Rio and Royal Cuckoo.  Safeway is 3 blocks away. BART is 5 short blocks away and the bus runs just 1/2 block from the front door. Two parks in walking distance (Precita Park is a flat walk, Bernal Heights Park is up up up, but has great views). Cortland St, known for its small-town vibe and great coffee shops, is less than a mile away and a great destination after walking to the top of the park.
Oh where do I start??? If you are searching in this area you probably already know about Bernal Heights and the Mission District. Voted redfin's #1 hottest neighborhood, it's hard to run out of things to do. Don't believe me? Search YELP, but I'm warning you, you may easily become overwhelmed with your choices.
On Cortland, the heart of Bernal, there are three great coffee shops (the best is Sandbox Bakery), a sushi place (Mokis), Vega (good Italian), Red Hill Station. And we just got a new cocktail bar called Holy Water. Also one of the best sushi places in SF, Ichi Sushi, is very close on Mission. Cortland is 3 short blocks from the house. Also, a must-see is the top of Bernal Hill, where you get amazing views of Downtown SF and the East Bay, just an invigorating 13 min walk up from our place, complete with a panoply of dogs.
On top of being the cutest 'hood to ever exist, the corner store at the end of the block has organic produce and a lovely wine and ice cream selection. What else could you possibly want?
One of the warmest, most walkable neighborhoods in the city, the Mission is filled with incredible food, shopping, coffee, & cocktails.
Our apartment is located in Bernal Heights. It's a nice residential neighborhood, with quick routes to downtown, close to Cortland Avenue, with shopping, grocery and restaurants.  It's a one mile walk to Valencia Street, the heart of the Mission District.  A short walk to Holly Park and St. Mary's Park. And close to the picturesque Bernal Hill.  There is a laundromat on the corner of the street about 500 feet from the apartment.
Our condo is in the heart of Bernal Heights and close to public transportation (making it easy to get to other parts of the city quickly) and is also near the 280 and 101 freeways for easy access to Levi's Stadium for the Super Bowl (and other Silicon Valley attractions) by car or CalTrain. Bernal Heights is a great neighborhood because it feels both residential and urban at the same time. Not to mention it's one of the sunnier parts of SF. You get the benefit of great restaurants, cafes, bars and shops within walking distance without the hectic feel of other parts of the city. Bernal is also walking distance to the popular Mission, Noe Valley and Potrero neighborhoods and a short bus or bart ride to other city neighborhoods, SFO and the East Bay.
Our home is in Noe Valley and is just a short walk to the Mission and Bernal Heights. We've marked many of our favorite local spots on the map below, including not-to-be-missed Mitchell's Ice Cream, which is dangerously just two blocks away!
Our house is located at the edge of The Mission District, close to wide choice of restaurants with more choices just minutes walk in Noe Valley and Bernal Heights.  A short bus ride or 15 min walk to 24th and Mission Streets, one main centres of the Mission District and you can turn in any direction to find a range of restaurants and bars.  The Mission District with its eclectic selection of food and music, extends for a mile east and along several parallel streets. Take the 10-15 mins walk to Bernal Heights hill to get fantastic panoramic view of the city skyline and the Bay.
Our little neighborhood was recently voted "Hottest Neighborhood in America" by Redfin.  We are centrally located in San Francisco and have easy access to fantastic restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bakeries, boutiques, galleries and all that the city has to offer.
Our neighborhood is a quiet spot.  There are many restaurants, bars and parks within a 5-10 minute walk.  We are also just a few Bart stops from some great shopping locations.
Our neighborhood is at the cutting edge of the Mission District and borders the tranquil and scenic Bernal Heights neighborhood. We’re a hop, skip and a jump to famous Mitchell's Ice Cream and just a few blocks to a Safeway supermarket. Dine at any of a number of wonderful restaurants, including the Blue Plate restaurant, Ichi Sushi or fabulous Cambodian at Angkor Borei. Our apartment is surrounded by bars, restaurants and cafés, and is a great mix of neighborhood institutions and new joints. World-renowned Valencia street, with it’s boutiques, bars and restaurants, is two blocks from our house. You can also stroll to historic Dolores Park in about 20 minute’s. Located next to the Mission Dolores, where scenes from Hitchcock’s Vertigo were shot, you can grab a bite at BiRite grocery and enjoy a picnic in the spacious park.
Our neighborhood is quaint! We have beautiful views of the city and located right next to the large park for a nice walk, run or just sit on a bench and see the golden gate! (on sunny days). There are great local restaurants within 10 minute walk, an excellent independent grocery store, and scrumptious pastries at the Cortland bakeries.
Our neighborhood is super nice in and of itself, with awesome views of the city (top of Bernal hill!) and next to a big park.  Check out Cortland street: Playground behind the library Goodlife: independent grocery store Pinkie’s and Little Bee bakeries for great coffee, croissants and pastries Avedano’s for excellent meat Pinhole cafe to hang out Heartfelt for gifts Chloe’s closet: used stuff for kids (toys and clothes) Great local restaurants:  Red Hill Station (Seafood), Vega (Italian), Piqueos (Peruvian) and Bernal Star (Burgers) Third Cousin for fine dining Epicurean and 331 Cortland are lovely little markets where you can get food to go. I love the Thai place ‘Ma Krua’ - you can get a fresh coconut there!
Our neighborhood, Bernal Heights, is considered the hottest real-estate market in the U.S. because of its village-like atmosphere, warmer-than-typical SF weather, and proximity to south-bound freeways.
Our south Bernal home is within a 5-minute walk to 3 parks with playgrounds, dog parks, athletic courts, etc. The main neighborhood commercial strip (Cortland Ave.) is a short jaunt north, where you will find great restaurants, coffee shops, a high-quality grocery store, and both hip and historic bars. Pop into Wild Side West for a beer in their amazing beer garden or swing by Avedano's Meats to pick up the freshest local cuts for the gas grill on the back deck. Walk north from Cortland and you will climb and climb to one of the best vistas in the city. On a clear day, the grassy/rocky summit of Bernal Hill affords views of the entire city and the Bay, all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. If you enjoy walking, 20 minutes from the house takes you down into the bustling Mission, one of our favorite neighborhoods in the city, after Bernal of course. The Mission offers more delicious food than you could eat in a decade, Latino roots, burgeoning hipsters, nightclubs, bars, music, dancing.
Outdoor enthusiasts, indoor bookworms, and pet lovers rejoice! Bernal Heights' accessibility extends far beyond its practical commuter conveniences. Warm and inviting, Bernal Heights' bright Victorian homes, organic markets, and gay and pet-friendly bars and cafes enhance its welcoming atmosphere. Nestled between the peaks of San Francisco's rolling hills, this casual and approachable neighborhood is a charming residential respite in the City by the Bay
Please observe the quiet hours (10pm-8am) for our neighborhood. Please help us keep the noise level down in the apartment and outside on the street. Street parking is REALLY easy on our streets, unlike the tight parking situation in the rest of the city, since we are on top of a hill. Walk downhill to Precita Park surrounded by cafe, restaurant, deli, corner grocery store. Just one street turn to Bernal Heights Park walking trails with spectacular panoramic views of the city. The hilltop is perfectly serene and romantic spot to watch sunrise, sunset, star gazing and fireworks. Walking distance to Cortland street (a lovely shopping street in the neighborhood with organic grocery store, coffee shops, bakeries, unique gift stores, yoga, massage, art galleries, library, and a variety of restaurants: Japanese, Nepalese, Italian, Peruvian, Mexican, California cuisine etc.), the new trendy Valencia street, the Missions and 24th street shops and restaurants.
Precita Park, which is steps from Treat street where our apartment situated, is a small, 2-acre green space at the base of Bernal Hill.  The park was renovated in 1969 and then again in 1993 and thus is a well-kept and inviting piece of open space.  It's bound by Folsom and Alabama streets to the east/west, and Precita Avenue both north and south.  The park is a large, rectangular grassy area with scattered benches for relaxing. The east end has a butterfly garden and a wonderful children's playground. The park is also adjacent to several eating and drinking establishments including Hillside Supper Club, Charlie's Deli Café, Precita Park Café, and Harvest Hills Market. From here you can walk to the bustling Mission district where there are a tons more restaurants and shops.  Noe is also a lovely neighborhood with plenty of restaurants to choose from.  It's about 10 mins by car. If you love hiking, walk up to Bernal Hill from Alabama Street where the Cafe is (there's other access from F
Pretty neighborhood of 100 year old Victorian houses in hills with spectacular views and distinctive parks.
Quiet. Friendly neighbors. Dog friendly.
Quite and safe neighborhood located conveniently close to the Mission District and to transportation to other areas of the city.
Restaurants: Piqueos Peruvian Restaurant - for nouvelle Peruvian cuisine  Moki's Grill - Pacific Grill (Japanese, Hawaiian, Indonesian etc.)  Vega – Regional !talian  Bernal Star - California  Red Hill Station - Seafood oriented Hunan Chef – Good and inexpensive Chinese food Daytime only: Moonlight Café  Bakeries: Sandbox Bakery Bernal Star - in the back patio there is a bakery and cafe  Honey Bee - Norwegian Bakery Cafés: Martha Brothers Progressive Grounds Pinhole Bakery Café in the patio section of Bernal Star Bars: Wildside West Holy Water       Please note that the above are within 2 to 3 blocks of the garden suite on Cortland Avenue so it is a nice walk. (URL HIDDEN) Gym: (URL HIDDEN) Fit Bernal Fit (URL HIDDEN) Gifts, Cards and Unusual Eclectic Items:  (URL HIDDEN) Heartfelt
Right around the corner on Mission Street is a Little El Salvador, with pupuserias, bakeries, and other restuarants and shops.  There is also a nice local coffee shop, convenience stores, a pizzeria, and neighborhood bars. Our block ends at Holly Park on the hilltop, with basketball courts, tennis courts, places to grill, and a good sized kids' playground.   Around the bend from Holly Park is Cortland Ave., the main street of Bernal Heights, with coffee shops, wine bars, a gallery, several restaurants, a couple neighborhood bars, and full-service grocery store, among other shops and services. There are lovely stairway walks up Bernal Hill and around the neighborhood, with many views of the bay and the city.
Safe(r), charming Bernal Heights location on tree-lined street near the Mission offers the City's *best weather* combined with access to 101 & 280 freeways, public transportation (BART and MUNI), great restaurants, independent shops and markets.  There is a sunny park at the end of the block, and Bernal Heights Park is a short walk uphill with hiking paths and stunning 360 degree City views.
San Francisco's Bernal Heights was recently voted the HOTTEST neighborhood in the entire US of A by (website hidden).  I can understand why. Its a complete gem and right in the heart of the best city in the universe.  This a very techie and family friendly area. Lots of nightlife and urban hiking and is extremely central location when considering Bernal and Mission and Noe Valley areas. There are many many areas of interest within a shore walk with several 'shopping' and nightlife districts to choose from. Note that Bernal Heights is not for everyone. There's nightlife and easy access to public transport, but it's an urban/residential area, so keep that in mind.
San Francisco's Northwest Bernal Heights was recently voted the HOTTEST neighborhood in the entire US of A by (website hidden).  I can understand why. Its a complete gem and right in the heart of the best city in the universe.   Note that Bernal Heights is not for everyone. It's an urban/residential area and as such is somewhat densely populated and has lots of nightlife and restaurants/bars nearby. It's not a touristy area, but there are TONs of great sites to see nearby.
Sandwiched between the Glen Park and Bernal Heights neighborhoods, we are a 10-minute walk from grocery stores, fine dining as well as casual fare, yoga studios, and hiking on Bernal Hill or Glen Canyon Park. Within a block of us is our favorite café, pupusería, and pub. 
See guide at, (URL HIDDEN)
Short walk downhill to Cortland Street which is the heart of Bernal Heights and has lovely shops, library and park.
Situated on the north slope of Bernal Hill, home is easily accessible to the trendy Mission district just down the hill and the main drag of Bernal Heights over the hill, both within walking distance. The top of Bernal Hill boasts hiking paths and the best views in San Francisco. The nearby strip of Mission Street (right where Mission meets Valencia) is packed with great restaurants (Emmy's Spaghetti is a favorite), cool dive bars, cute cafes and a grocery store. Nearby Precita Park, just down a cute hidden staircase around the block, is also a perfect spot for picnics.
Small, friendly neighborhood with nearby Flea Market on Sundays & Farmer's Market on Saturdays. Great organic grocery store with take-out deli. Lucky Horseshoe bar has live music several days a week. Rent an electric bike for 24 hours--$85. Have a pastry and coffee in the courtyard of Bernal Star Cafe. Climb to the top of Bernal Hill for a fantastic view of the city. Check out my Guidebook for more information.
Somewhat of a secret among locals is Bernal Heights "the most desirable place to live in the US" according to the New York Times.   Family-friendly neighborhood with beautiful vistas and walks.  Incredibly easy access to all the city has to offer.   The artsy mission nearby provides culture, ambiance, and nightlife.
St. Marys Park is beautiful and safe. 
St. Marys Park is safe and beautiful!
Start your morning with a nice 15 min hike up Bernal Hill where you will find one of the absolute best views of the city! If your are feeling lazy you can just hike up the street to baby Bernal in three minutes and see almost the same view from there. Our house is one block from Precita Park café and they serve great breakfasts and smoothies, lunch and dinner. On a sunny day bring your blanket to Precita Park after picking up some organic strawberries on crazy sale at Hillside Grocery in company with a bottle of bubbles from their wide selection of spirits. For dinners explore the 24th street, Valencia, Potrero or the great restaurants over on Mission street towards the other side of Bernal. 
Steps away from the cute Precita Park where you can enjoy a picnic with some sandwiches and smoothies from Precita Park cafe closeby.  Within a mile of Bernal Heights Hill where you can take an absolutely beautiful hike up and see panoramic views of the city and lots and lots of dogs! Close to the Mission where you can find tons of local gems, like Mexican food spots,  and newer trendy spots.
Sunny, friendly, colorful neighborhood.
Super chill neighborhood with friendly markets and good eats. Very close to Mission District where you can grab delicious burritos and all types of other foods.
THE BEST LOCATION IN SAN FRANCISCO!!  Sunniest neighborhood.  Great restaurants, bars, music venues, and clubs are all blocks away.  By the way, Bon Appetite's #1 restaurant in the country is only 1 block away... get involved!
That it is safe, family friendly, quieter than downtown, easy access to major freeways and pubic transportation. Great frozen yogurt and ice cream shops near by!
The  Bernal Heights neighborhood is one of the up and coming neighborhoods in the nation according to a popular travel magazine. My flat is two blocks from the Mission where it has plenty of restaurants bars and nice parks with a liberal style of life. Many artist and techies live around this area. It's the sunniest part of the city which is very nice and it has a bohemian type of feel. The hill has beautiful views of the whole city and it's a nice hike for exercising.
The Mission District is a vibrant dynamic neighborhood full of art, great food and an eclectic mix of stores and small galleries. When a lot of the city is shivering in the famous summer fog, the Mission often still has glorious sunny days.
The Mission is amazing. Authentic/hipster vibe with top rated restaurants everywhere. Close to public transportation and much closer to stadium than other areas in the city.
The Mission is colorful and vibrant, a fantastic mix of high and low, with some of the very best food and drink to be found in SF!  It's also the sunniest, flattest part of the city.
The Mission is the fastest up and coming neighbourhood in SF at the moment. It is full of great places to eat, little shops, and parks. Transportation is super easy. The number 27 stops right outside, and BART is also a 15 minute pleasant walk.
The apartment is conveniently located on the north slope of Bernal Heights bordering The Mission District. Bernal is a quiet, hilly neighborhood with views of The Bay and The City around every corner. Easy walking distance to public transit including multiple bus lines, a 15-20minute walk to BART, and easy freeway access. We are a block away from a sweet little park with amazing views and two blocks from Precita Park. Surrounding Precita Park is a wonderful cafe, organic grocer, kiddie playground, nice restaurant and a laundromat. It's a short walk to 24th Street in the Mission, known for its restaurants (including the best taquerias in town), bars, cafes, bookstores and shopping. La Lengua "the tongue", Mission between Cesar Chavez & 30th, is home to eateries like Ichi Sushi and Blue Plate. Climb or take the 67 up & over The Hill to Cortland Avenue, a lovely village within The City. A hike to the top of Bernal Heights Park to take in the 360 degree breathtaking views of the Bay Area i
The apartment is in a really nice area called Bernal Heights.  The center of Bernal Heights is cozy and quaint with great restaurants, cafes, art galleries and an organic food store called "Good life grocery". The apartment is located 5 blocks from the main street called Cortland Ave.  To get there just turn left as you exit the apartment, take your first left and walk 5 blocks until you hit Cortland.  It's a great place to stroll and pass the time. The food is amazing and there's a lot of variety. At the top of Bernal Heights is a grassy park and on the other side is another local hangout area on Folsom street.  If you have time it's totally worth checking out both of them. If you're here for a weekend the Alemany farmers market is on Saturday mornings and is just a 2 minute walk from the apartment. On Sunday the same space turns into a flea market with all sorts of cool things for sale so visit it both days if you get the chance. Just turn left out the front door and keep walking, yo
The apartment is located in the La Lengua Area of Mission (between Bernal Heights and Noe Valley) which has an diverse selection of restaurants and bars that cater to all walks of life as well as a few famous Mexican taquerias! We have the famous Pizza Hacker Restaurant a few doors down, Ichi Sushi across the street, and The Front Porch a stone's throw away.
The apartment is right off of Mission St, which means you're a short bus ride (and do-able walk) to the heart of San Francisco's Mission district. Apartment is also within walking distance to Bernal Heights and Glen Park (other, awesome SF neighborhoods). The Glen Park BART is a short walk away too.  Right on our corner are three (yes, three) pupusarias--which for those of you who don't know are a delicious Salvadorian specialty. There's also a bar, corner store, cafe and laundromat on the corner as well.   
The apartment is situated 2 blocks from Cortland Ave. where you'll find a grocery store (The Good Life), restaurants  (Red Hill Station for seafood), (Piqueo's (Peruvian), Bernal Star (American), Vega's (Italian)), cafes, bakeries, and a yoga studio (Bernal Yoga). The top of Bernal, 5 blocks up, offers a panoramic view of the city and the Bay, and is an open space park.
The best part about this neighborhood is the weather, hands down.  Because of the geography of the city some places are more foggy than others.  We are lucky to have very little fog.  There are also two beautiful parks within just a few blocks.  The one up the hill, called Bernal Hill has some of the best views of the city.  You can see the entire city with a 360 view, the Golden Gate and the Bay Bridge.  It is really quite spectacular.  There is also a smaller park about 6 blocks away that is great for laying around in the sun and people watching.  It has become the "hip" park in the city.  It is not uncommon to see a small casual wedding, funny hipsters trying to lay in the park in "hip" clothes and every other walk of life enjoying the sunshine with BBQs and picnics and frisbees.
The block is very quiet, beautiful tree-lined street.  Coffee is a five-minute walk to Precita Park Cafe. The Mission is about a six-minute walk with all of its restaurants, nightlife and shopping.  It's great to be able to take all of that in and then sleep on a quiet block with a view.   You can also walk up to the top of Bernal hill for an amazing 360-degree view of the whole city. The neighborhood is very sunny and almost never foggy -- but you get an amazing view of the fog as it rolls across the city. 
The flat is centrally located in the warm, sunny Mission/Bernal Heights neighborhood, within walking distance to lots of great restaurants, cafes, bars, galleries, & shopping, yet, it's on a quiet (website hidden)'s very close to 24th Mission BART, Cal Train, bus stops, SFO, & 101 & 280 freeway.
The great thing about our neighborhood is that it's quiet and charming, but you can walk just a few blocks and be in the hustle and bustle of the Mission.   There is a park at the bottom of our street with a coffee shop at one end (breakfast & lunch) and a café (breakfast, lunch & dinner) at the other.  In between is a small, well-reviewed supper club and across from that a corner store that features organic items and local produce.   At the top of our street is a set of stairs that lead up to Bernal Hill, which offers a magnificent view of the city and of Oakland to the east.  On a clear day you can see the Golden Gate Bridge at one end and the Bay Bridge at the other.  
The home is located in Bernal Heights, at 10 minutes by foot from Cortland, where you will find local coffee shops, restaurants, grocery stores, wine bars, bakeries, a yoga studio, a library, an art gallery, a play ground for your kids, a farmer's market on Saturdays. Bernal Heights Hill is also very close (1 walking block) and is worth a visit thanks to its 360° views of the city. We are also an easy waking distance from various other well known neighborhoods, including the Mission District, Dolores Park, the Castro and Noe Valley.
The house is conveniently located at the vibrant intersection of Bernal Heights, Mission and Noe Valley neighborhoods. The neighborhood is charming, with a variety of ethnic restaurants just steps away: Indian, Latin, Middle Eastern, Thai and Vietnamese. You’ll also find a Safeway, produce stands and organic food markets within a few blocks. The hip Mission district is a short walk or bus ride away, with endless food, bars, shops and the famed San Francisco street murals. If you enjoy urban hiking, Bernal Hill is just up the hill, and provides stunning 360-degree views of the City and the Bay.
The house is in a quant and somewhat quiet sub-neighborhood of Bernal Heights called College Hill, with 4 central american restaurants, coffee shop, bar, markets all within 2 blocks.  It's also a 10-15 minute walk to 4 other fun neighborhoods including the Mission District, Noe Valley, Bernal Heights and Glen Park, which all boast dozens of restaurants, shops, cafes, bars and nightclubs (think salsa, mostly).   For brunch I highly recommend Cafe St. George, a 10 minute walk up Mission Street, coffee/snacks at Cafeto (1 block), Cambodian food at Angkor Borei, or for something fancier yet still with a neighborhood vibe, L'Petit Laurent (french) restaurant in Glen Park
The house is on the north side of Bernal Heights, very close to the Mission.  It's also walking distance to a great cafe in Bernal Heights and the many restaurants/bars on 24th St in the Mission. There's a great park, just three blocks away, plus a great local market.
The narrow streets and hills make for a small town feeling.  Cortland Ave. has great Mom and Pop stores.
The neighborhood I live in is called the Mission. It's reasonably safe, clean and friendly. It's where the artists and cool stuff is.
The neighborhood is Bernal Heights which is sunny, walkable, and 20 minutes from BART.  There are multiple bus lines within two blocks. Our house is very near a mix of restaurants, grocery stores and other shops.  Street parking is available without permit.
The neighborhood is amazing - recently voted one of the most desirable in country.
The neighborhood is charming. There's a small market down the street and Precita cafe and Precita Park are only a block away. There are many wonderful murals around too. Parking: There's free street parking all over the neighborhood. Make sure to check for street cleaning signs when you park. No permit required.
The neighborhood is filled with local bars and places to eat. La Altena is my favorite whenever I'm in the mood for a delicious burrito and Sweet Basil Thai for some Thai food.  El Rio and Virgil are really cool bars with a nice open space in the back.
The neighborhood of Bernal Heights is built around Bernal Hill. The studio is located just steps from the park. A short walk away, on Cortland Ave., you will find stores, the Good Life Grocery, Bernal Heights library, artisan bakeries, restaurants, bars, cafes, etc. . .
The residence right between three fun neighborhoods, Bernal Heights, The Mission and Noe Valley. Each surrounding neighborhood has excellent restaurants, bars and stores and all are in walking distance. Public transportation is right down the street with direct access to downtown and all other parts of the City. For those of you who work down in Silicon Valley there is quick access to the freeways and buses provided by (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Apple and Amgen.
The sunny north slope of Bernal Heights has some of the most spectacular views of the city.It has become one of the most sought after and trendy neighborhoods in the city. It is also close to the thriving Mission district. An excellent neighborhood for access to the Peninsula as well as the East Bay due to easy access to the 101 freeway. Given that, there's so much to do right here. Community gardens and landscaped walking trails are dotted all over Bernal Hill. Local cafes and restaurants have a distinctive Bernal charm. 
The sunny north slope of Bernal Hill is a desirable location due to the panoramic views, public transportation, freeway access and eclectic nature of the community. Bernal Heights has wide open spaces, community gardens, great walks and parks yet remains distinctively urban  and diverse. 
There are lots of charming houses on narrow streets surrounding little parks with friendly people - and it all works together to create a great neighborhood. Bernal Heights is sunny, has lovely views, progressive people, delicious restaurants and awesome bars and cafes. It's a short bus or taxi ride to the Mission District, Noe Valley or Glen Park. Nearby Bernal Heights Park has fabulous panoramic views of San Francisco and is a great place to chat with locals and admire their dogs. Check out the info about Bernal Heights here: airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/bernal-heights 
There is something magical about Bernal Heights. The architecture, views, hidden stairways, parks, dogs and friendly neighbors make it a joy!
There's a village feel to the main business street, Cortland Avenue. Many interesting shops and the shopkeepers are friendly. Wonderful library, wine bar, gourmet food store, organic produce, coffeeshops, restaurants. Check out my Airbnb Guidebook for more information on the neighborhood.
This Bernal Heights home is just steps away from Cortland Ave., a charming, village-like central business district that features cafes, restaurants, bars and shops. It's a close-knit neighborhood with a great feel -- you don't find many places like this anymore! Plus, a two minute walk in the other direction takes you to Bernal Hill, which features hiking trails and spectacular views of the city and the East Bay. You can even see the Golden Gate Bridge!
This is a fun and vibrant neighborhood with wonderful people and you will be within steps of great restaurants, bars and shops.
This is a great neighborhood-North Bernal Heights in San Francisco! There is a dog and kid friendly park, a corner cafe across the street, a delicious local restaurant and organic grocery 2 blocks away.  The vibrant and foodie paradise Mission District is a 20 minute walk and there are excellent biking areas in the neighborhood. For a more adventurous walker, there is a park up the hill with 360 degree views of the City.
This is a lovely neighborhood, walking distance to BART Glen Park station which it self is a nice walk and great cozy neighborhood, the Mission District is down the street, and Noe Valley, os only ten mis from down town on Bart.  And you can also Ubber or take JChurch Muni Tramp.
This is a pretty safe and nice area of the city. Strolling around the colorful neighborhood is a pleasure as well. The house is located in the middle of glen park, mission and bernal height. Walking distance to many unique shops and restaurants. The village of Glen Park is a thriving neighborhood, with great neighborhood restaurants like NYTimes reviewed Gialina pizzeria, Manzoni (Italian), Le P'tit Laurent (French Bistro w/3 course neighborhood menu), La Corneta taqueria, Chenery Park fine dining, Higher Grounds creperie, and Tyger's neighborhood coffee shop. The Cheese Boutique, Destination Bakery, and Canyon Market have all your other food needs covered! Bird'n'Beckett bookstore carries new and used titles and has live jazz/folk on weekends. Coffee spots abound, with not a chain in sight. Stay in Glen Park and support hyperlocal merchants as prep for your day exploring this great city.
This is a rapidly changing neighborhood. A short walk up Cortland brings you to the "Downtown" area of Bernal Heights, where quaint coffee shops and unique shopping can be found. Walking up Mission street you'll find a mix of old and new: authentic Spanish taquerias interspersed with modern restaurants which many consider the foodie hub of San Francisco. The famous Dolores Park is less than 10 minutes away by the train, which offers stunning views of the city at all times.
This is by far my favorite neighborhood in the city. You will be steps away from cafes, restaurants and shops. There are two beautiful parks just a 5 min walk from the house.
This is one of the friendliest and most community oriented neighborhoods in San Francisco. It is great for everyone but particularly for families. It is charming and is full of beautiful Victorian and mid century homes. We are half a block from Cortland street where there are lots of restaurants, cafes, and bars. There is also a  grocery store, book store and library all on Cortland street as well.  From our house, you can walk for about 5-10 minutes to the top of Bernal Hill and get a spectacular view of the bay and the city of San Francisco.  There are fantastic parks for lounging in modern playgrounds for the kids at Holly Park and in the park behind the library.  Both parks are around 5 minutes from our house.  Beyond that, there is the Mission, Noe Valley, Glen Park and the greater Bay area to explore.
This is seriously one of the most adorable neighborhoods in SF. Up on a quiet hill, but still a short walk to restaurants & bars in the Mission District and on Cortland street, on Bernal Hill. Be sure to go for an evening walk up on Bernal Hill to see 360° views of the entire city. Or enjoy a romantic dinner just 3 blocks away at Vega (great Italian), Moki's (sushi), or B-Star (California cuisine).
This is such a great neighborhood for families (and dogs!) The hike and view from Bernal Hill is breathtaking. Numerous restaurants and coffee shops are a short walk away along bustling Cortland Street.  A quick ride on the J-Train or bus puts you in Union Square, SoMa and all the best tourist sights.  Access to numerous on-demand food delivery services (OrderAhead, Postmates, Caviar, Eat24 and more).
This location offers easy walkable access to three classic San Francisco "microhoods" Quirky and family-friendly, Bernal Heights is just a quick walk away. On Cortland Avenue you'll find shops, upscale groceries, wine bars and restaurants.  Another option is the sophistication of Outer Noe: Church Street offers fine dining, salons and specialty shops. Or if you're feeling more adventurous, access the best of San Francisco's nightlife and restaurant scene on Mission Street. 
This neighborhood has so much to offer. It is a little village in the heart of San Francisco proper. Cortland has shops, a great local grocery store, cafés, restaurants, bars, a delicious bakery, a library, yoga studio, and more. You can explore, jog, and walk with wildflowers, sweeping views of the City, Bay, and bridges. 10 Minutes away you have Mission & Valencia Streets and all of the restaurants, shops and bars that you could possibly hope to enjoy.
This neighborhood has so much to offer. It is a little village in the heart of San Francisco proper. Cortland has shops, a great local grocery store, cafés, restaurants, bars, a delicious bakery, a library, yoga studio, and more. You can explore, jog, and walk with wildflowers, sweeping views of the City, Bay, and bridges. A few minutes walk away you have Valencia/Mission Streets, and all of the restaurants, shops and bars you could possibly explore, and BART is about 15 mins walk away.
This newly remodeled and fully furnished 2000+  Sq. ft. luxury home is located on a hill in the south-eastern neighborhoods of San Francisco, call Portola District.   It is only minutes from major freeways, 101 and 280 and conveniently near Glen Park BART & Muni station.  Take a short 15 minutes by car or BART to downtown /financial district and SF International Airport.
This wonderful house is close to shopping, restaurants, parks and transportation. From the house walk two blocks up to the Esmeralda/Bernal steps which lead to the famous 360 degree panoramic views from Bernal Hill Park. Walk five minutes to Cortland Street's charming neighborhood restaurants for dining, bookstore, shops, organic market, coffee/tea houses, live music, wine bar and infamous Wild Side West bar with pool table and lovely outside beer garden. Other Bernal parks within easy walking include Holly and Precita Park.
Trendy neighborhood with lots of shops, restaurants, bars, cafes (all walkable from my house).   -Breathtaking view the entire city from Bernal Heights Park (1 block away from my house).
Very family friendly areas, easy access to all the bars, cafe, resturants, freeways, grocery, parks and public transportation. Easy street parking.
Very safe and suburban feel but still in the city. Bernal heights the hill is a must see/climb and holly park has a tennis court and field and playground. Great spot to run! Also close to Pacifica beach!
Visit the local blog for the most updated information about the neighborhood! (URL HIDDEN)
Voted Redfin's hottest neighborhood in 2014, the North Slope of Bernal (specifically Precita Park), is a convenient retreat from the bustle of the Mission. It is within walking distance of a many of the Mission hot spots, yet is also only a short (though steep) walk to the top of Bernal Heights where one can find amazing views of the city.
Walk a few blocks up hill to Cortland Avenue for groceries, shops, restaurants, and taverns. Down the hill on Saturdays for the Alemany Farmer's Market. 
Walk and fall in love with Cortland and all the local shops and restaurants.  Be sure to walk to Bernal hill, or Holly Park to enjoy the sunshine.  Hang a left down Mission to the district where you will find all the night life. Follow the path to Glen Park to visit a family friendly, local place.  While this place sits on a quiet street, it's so close to everything you would want/need.
Walk to the cute downtown Cortland Ave: local restaurants, amazing brunch locations, yoga, gyms, local organic grocery store (2 min walk), a local wine bar, bars - all within 500ft from your door. Cortland Ave is flat and the rest of the neighbor is hilly. Eat, drink, workout, tour, rest, play, and enjoy SF!
Walk up the hill a few blocks to Cortland Ave for groceries, restaurants, shops and taverns. Down the hill on Saturdays for the Alemany Farmer's Market. 
Walkability!  Views!  Access to greater San Francisco!  Hills!  Architecture!  Funky SF residents & neighbors!
Walking distance to the Mission, Noe Valley, beautiful views at Bernal Heights Park,
We are in the best neighborhood in town....lower Bernal, Valencia corridor.
We are in the trendy and Dynamic Mission District, home to some of the City's best restaurants, bars and clubs. Precita Park and Playground are only 1/2 Block away.
We are located in the charming neighborhood of Bernal Heights directly adjacent to the Valencia and Mission Corridors with Noe Valley just a couple blocks away. Cortland Avenue is the heart of Bernal Heights and is located on the south side of Bernal Heights Park (the view from the deck and living room). There you will find an abundance of great cafes, bars, restaurants and shops.  If you prefer to stay on the north side of the park, walk down Precita Avenue to Precita Park ... A great spot to throw down a blanket, open a bottle of wine with snacks and people/dog watch until the sun goes down. After that, head over to Precita Park Cafe or Hillside Supper Club for dinner. If you head down to Mission you'll find great restaurants within a couple blocks: Blue Plate (awesome), Front Porch, Emmys, Ichi Sushi, Pizza Hacker, Old Bus Tavern, Old Jerusalem... and also great bars: El Rio, Virgils, Iron and Gold, The Royal Cuckoo (personal fave), and Rock Bar.  Old Bus Tavern brews their own tast
We are long-time residents of Bernal Heights, and hope you’ll love it as much as we do. Bernal Heights is a sunny, quiet hilltop oasis in the city, with a warm, walkable neighborhood feel. Friendly neighbors, LGBT-friendly, great food, shopping, and wonderful off-leash parks with some of the best views of the city. We are a block from Cortland Avenue, with restaurants, cafes, bakeries, boutique shops, groceries, yoga and a gym. A few of our favorite spots on Cortland street (1 block away) are: Bernal Yoga, Sandbox bakery, Pinhole Coffee, Red Hill Station and Piqueo’s (restaurants), Inclusions Gallery, Good Life Grocery, Bernal Beast (pet supplies), Holy Water (bar), and Bernal Star (brunch on the patio). We walk our dog in Holly Park (5 minute walk) and on Bernal Hill, both nearby parks. We are also a 10-minute walk to the Alemany Farmer’s Market on Saturday mornings, one of the most popular (and also the oldest) farmer’s market in San Francisco.
We are situated in a very urban area, but our home is bright, spacious and relatively quiet, as it is one level off the street. There's  a friendly neighborhood cafe on our block, and we're 2 blocks away from Holly Park (which has amazing views of bernal hill and surrounds), and 4 blocks to St. Mary's Park & Playground. There are 3 El Salvadoran restaurants, 3 El Salvadoran bakeries, a liquor store and a Latino bodega that sells produce, all within 3 blocks. The two nearest commercial districts are Bernal Heights (Cortland St) and Glen Park (Diamond St).
We are super convenient to public transportation. Walking distance to Valencia st., close to Cortland (Bernal's main street) with lots of great restaurants and bars both up the hill and along mission street and pretty much all around us. Cafe St. Jorge is across the street with amazing coffee and pastries. Safeway and Walgreens are both just a block away. Avedano's meats and Good Life grocery are just a few blocks up the hill. Airbnb has an article on bernal: https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/bernal-heights
We have lived in Bernal Heights for 26 years and love it. The weather is the best in San Francisco, the people are friendly, there are many local restaurants, cafes and bars. We are close to 2 parks. The views are incredible - 360 views of the entire Bay Area as you stroll around Bernal Hill a block away. My favorite aspect of Bernal is that it is a bit of "rural" right in the midst of the city - open spaces, unpaved lanes, staircases connecting the small streets, community gardens and a wide variety of architecture - in fact there are still "earthquake cottages". These are the "temporary" houses put up after the 1906 earthquake. Lots to love for sure. Some of the unique places to explore 10 minutes stroll away include: Humphry Slocombe - a unique ice cream parlor with the most delicious and unusual flavors. See the write (EMAIL HIDDEN) Wise Sons Deli, an amazing deli that even got Woody Allen's approval when he was here filming Blue Jasmine. (URL HIDDEN) The famous mural alley - an wh
We have lived in and loved this neighborhood for over 25 years. The natural setting of the hill with views to the bay and the Golden Gate are unbeatable. For so long it was a hidden treasure now discovered but with that came other amenities like amazing local, artisanal food, great bookstore, yoga studio, good bars and right next to The Mission. It still maintains a village like environment full of gardens and secret spots and some of the warmest, sunniest weather in SF. Wonderful Alemany Farmer's Market on Saturday and Flea Market on Sunday. 
We have traveled around the world and lived in a bunch of different places. When we were deciding where to put down permanent roots, we knew it would be San Francisco. And our favorite part of SF is Bernal Heights, a beautiful hilltop neighborhood that feels like a small town within the city.  Walk five minutes down the hill from our house and you'll find one of the best farmers' markets in the country: Alemany Farmers' Market, which operates every Saturday morning. Walk about eight minutes up the hill and you'll reach the neighborhood's main drag, Cortland Avenue, filled with terrific restaurants, bars, cafés, and shops. The heart of the Mission District is an easy bike ride or bus ride away. We're within walking distance of three great parks, too: Holly Park, St. Mary's Park, and the crown jewel of the neighborhood, Bernal Heights Park, with its breathtaking views of the city and the Bay. You can read more about our neighborhood online. Airbnb doesn't allow posting hyperlinks, but yo
We like to think of the sunny Bernal Heights, just south of the Mission, as our small queendom oasis. Safe, sunny, and extremely convenient - Bernal Heights has everything we need. Climb the hill for the best view of San Francisco and walk downstairs and have brunch or dinner at Bernal Star - the  delicious restaurant we sleep on top of. Just steps outside our door you'll find a grocery store, liquor store, Bank Of America, diverse restaurants and cafes, a yoga studio, two parks and a library.
We live in Bernal Heights, a hilltop that overlooks San Francisco and is one of the warmest areas in the City. Bernal is perfect: it has aspects of a quiet village, but has easy access to the urban rhythms of San Francisco. You will wake to the sounds of birds. Our immediate neighborhood includes cafes, markets, playgrounds, and restaurants. The delights of the vibrant Latin/artsy Mission District, including its world-famous street murals, are a 10-minute walk away.  We live directly below Bernal Hill Park, a large open space area with 360 degree views of the City and San Francisco Bay. There are also a series of secret stairways throughout Bernal Heights to explore which even many San Franciscans are unaware of.  At our nearest corner is a bus stop which has a direct link to the BART subway that takes you quickly get to the heart of the city, the San Francisco International Airport, and Berkeley/Oakland across the SF bay.  Neighborhood Highlights: Street: Yes, this is a steep street, 
We live in St. Mary's Park, which is in the southern-most part of the Bernal Heights neighborhood.  It is primarily single family homes, with a strong neighborhood spirit. There is a city park right behind our house, with a basketball court, community room, tennis courts, a baseball and soccer field, a newly renovated children's playground, and an enclosed dog park.
We live in quiet Northeast slope of Bernal Heights (voted hottest neighborhood in America by Redfin in 2014). While direct neighborhood is residential, bustling Precita Park and Precita Park Cafe is a short 8-10 minute walk from apartment. 
We live in the south-west corner of Bernal Heights. Our house is quick walking distance to Bernal Heights and Glen Park business districts and to the Noe Valley neighborhood. Friendly working class neighborhood.
We love our neighborhood! We have many charming restaurants, cafes, bakeries, bars, parks and short trails on Bernal Hill with its sweeping 360 degree view of San Francisco. While it's gotten a bit gentrified over the past few years, it still has a down to earth vibe.
We're located in the city of San Francisco in the Bernal Heights neighborhood, a village-like community just south of the ultra-hip Mission District.  Our immediate area features several great restaurants, a couple of fun, funky bars, a terrific natural foods grocery, a natural meats store, a huge Farmer's Market on Saturdays, two large parks with playgrounds, and a hilltop park with panoramic views of San Francisco and the entire Bay Area, all within a 5-minute walk from our house.
We're on the north side of Bernal Heights, close to a cafes/restaurants, a great park, and public transportation that can take you almost anywhere in the city. We're also just two blocks from the 101 and 280 freeways.
We're on the south side of Bernal Heights, close to a cafes/restaurants, a great park, and public transportation that can take you almost anywhere in the city. We're also just a few blocks from the 101 and 280 freeways.
We're right in between Bernal Heights and Glen Park.  Bernal Heights has Cortland Avenue with shops, restaurants, and Holly Park.  Glen Park has shops, restaurants, and Glen Park Canyon for exploring.
Weather gorgeous! Ambiance incredible! People extremely friendly! Ask us about the Bernalwood  Blog! It will keep you in touch with everything! Our Fine Art Studios: people come from all over the World to see our Art! Ask to visit!
Weather. Views. Quiet. Parks. Close to mission. And highway 101.
Why I Love Living in Bernal Heights (URL HIDDEN) via @thebolditalic
You're situated in one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco for nightlife and access to the city. There's a fabulous park up the hill roughly a 10-minute walk from the front door. From there you get views of the Golden gate Bridge as well as the Bay Bridge and the entire Silicon Valley Peninsula -- wave to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Netflix, and Intel! It's really wonderful at first light or at sunset. To get there simply keep walking uphill and look for staircases in between some of the houses that lead up to the next block. It's also a great area to walk dogs so you'll see lots of neighbors out. Mission Street is the main street below the house where you'll find dozens of restaurants including tacos, burritos, Thai food, Chinese and some great higher-end places. 
quiet, near a beautiful hilltop park
the neighborhood has every type of food you could possibly want all within a few blocks!
tons of free parking very close to all major freeways and walking distance to all mass transportation systems.  very chill, quiet neighborhood.  yet very close proximity to all of the happening neighborhoods.