500 Bush Street, San Francisco, CA94108
An oasis in the heart of San Francisco, WorldMark Tower is the perfect vantage point for local sightseeing and adventure, shopping and endless food options of all ethnic flavors. Visit Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island; explore the sixties-throwback Haight-Ashbury district; or spend time wandering through Golden Gate Park, an urban oasis larger than New York's Central Park. Enjoy some of the world's finest restaurants, shop in the glass-domed Crocker Galleria in the Financial District and check out the city's vibrant theatrical productions. WorldMark San Francisco puts you in the center of this dynamic city so that you can explore all it has to offer.
An oasis in the heart of San Francisco, WorldMark Tower is the perfect vantage point for local sightseeing and adventure, shopping and endless food options of all ethnic flavors. Visit Fisherman’s Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island; explore the sixties-throwback Haight-Ashbury district; or spend time wandering through Golden Gate Park, an urban oasis larger than New York's Central Park. Enjoy some of the world's finest restaurants, shop in the glass-domed Crocker Galleria in the Financial District and check out the city's vibrant theatrical productions. WorldMark San Francisco puts you in the center of this dynamic city so that you can explore all it has to offer.
Apartment is perfectly located. Triangulated between Financial District, North Beach and China Town.
Beautiful Union Square, shopping, dining, walk to the Ferry Building and lots of public transportation, BART, etc
Bustling downtown location steps from Little Italy, Chinatown. Union Square is a close 10min walk, Embarcadero is about a 15 minute walk.
Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. The unit is in a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby.
Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. This resort occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby. Visit Fisherman’s Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island and learn about this former federal prison's notorious inmates; explore the sixties-throwback Haight-Ashbury district; or spend time wandering through Golden Gate Park, an urban oasis larger than New York's Central Park. Enjoy some of the world's finest restaurants, shop in the glass-domed Crocker Galleria in the Financial District and check out the city's vibrant theatrical productions. This resort puts you in the center of this dynamic city so that you can explore all it has to offer. Popular 
Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. WorldMark San Francisco occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby.
Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. WorldMark San Francisco occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby. Visit Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island and learn about this former federal prison's notorious inmates; explore the sixties-throwback Haight-Ashbury district; or spend time wandering through Golden Gate Park, an urban oasis larger than New York's Central Park. Enjoy some of the world's finest restaurants, shop in the glass-domed Crocker Galleria in the Financial District and check out the city's vibrant theatrical productions. WorldMark San Francisco puts you in the center of this dynamic city so that you can explore all i
Get a little taste of Hong Kong, right in the middle of San Francisco! Chinatown is a vibrant, interesting neighborhood, filled with character, shops with cheap goods, and excellent dim sum. Plus, when you get tired of Chinatown, you are only a five-minute walk from four other distinctive neighborhoods, or a bus ride away from the rest of San Francisco.
Good food... sightseeing .close to all attractions....
Greetings from San Francisco, California. WorldMark San Francisco occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system is nearby. The location is right on the edge of Chinatown, and a short walk to the convention center. Downtown San Francisco is all yours from this exciting urban location. This resort occupies a historic building dating from 1908 on the corner of Bush and Stockton streets and is a short walk to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. The famous Powell Street Cable Car stops just one block away, and public transportation on the Bay Area Rapid Transit system is nearby. Visit Fisherman’s Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and the Maritime Museum on San Francisco's waterfront; ride a ferry to Alcatraz Island and learn about this former federal prison's notor
Located on top of a souveneer shop in Chinatown, this location is one of a kind. Very safe and exciting neighborhood central to everywhere you'll want to go. Great restaurants all around and nightlife just a couple of blocks away.
Lower nob hill is extremely central. I am right next to Grace Cathedral, the Fairmount hotel, Mark Hopkins and much much more.
Near Union Square and Chinatown. 0.7 miles walk to Moscone Center. Very centrally located in a good area near Ritz Carlton Hotel, Union Square and Chinatown. Covered self parking 24/7 is available directly across the street at the Sutter Stockton Garage (I recommend driving up to 7th floor to park in back side of garage where there is a 2nd elevator bank), $36/day last I checked. Food Fair Market & Liquor right across the street.
Nob Hill is beautiful, safe and historic.  Short walk to financial district, fisherman's warf, union square, north beach or embarcaderro!
Nob Hill is one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco. You will be in a residential area yet 6 mins walk from Union Square!
Nob Hill location, near Union Square.  Convenient to transportation, entertainment, shopping and restaurants.
Popular Attractions Alcatraz Island Take a tour of Alcatraz. Known as “The Rock,” Alcatraz was once the country’s most infamous federal prisons. Year-round tours. For more information, call (415) 981-7625. San Francisco Maritime National Park Located at the west end of Fisherman’s Wharf, this park includes a visitor center, a maritime museum and the fleet of national historic landmark vessels at Hyde Street Pier. Open year round. 2½ mi. Golden Gate National Recreation Area First established in 1972, the Golden Gate National Recreation Area is one of the largest urban national parks in the world. The park contains numerous historical landmarks, including Alcatraz, Muir Woods National Monument and Fort Point National Historic Site.
Powell Place is a charming four-story Edwardian building in prestigious Nob Hill. 
Ritzy hotels, swanky lounges and restaurants make up the luxury of Nob Hill. Nearby, you will find Chinese buildings and small businesses that spill over into Financial District, and upscale boutiques in Union Square. The neighborhood is extremely safe and quiet.
Ritzy hotels, swanky lounges and restaurants make up the luxury of Nob Hill. Nearby, you will find Chinese buildings and small businesses that spill over into Financial District, and upscale boutiques in Union Square. The neighborhood is extremely safe and quiet. SFO Airport: 30 minutes by cab without traffic or 60 minutes by public transit Fisherman's Wharf: 7 minutes by public transit The Ferry Building: 15 minutes by public transit Golden Gate Park: 20 minutes by cab without traffic
San Francisco's Chinatown is the oldest Chinatown in North America and the largest outside of Asia. It has its own customs, languages, places of worship, social clubs, and identity. With hundreds of restaurants and shops, you can always expect there to be something fun to do.
Since everything is nearby you don't have to walk very far for anything, everything is a stones throw away!  Fresh towels and sheets are provided. If you forgot to bring something a Walgreens & 7/11 is around the corner so anything you forgot can be easily gathered.
Super Convenient.
The neighborhood is very classy, safe and clean. The building is located 2 blocs away from Union sq. and surrounded by the best hotels of the city like Grand  Hayatt, Fairomont Hotel, Mark Hopkins, The Ritz Carlton.
The quintessential SF experience, many bars and restaurants closeby. Dining experiences in Chinatown, Kearny, Union Square less than five minutes travel away. Lots of shopping and stores (Neiman Marcus, Macys, Saks Fifth Avenue, Westfield)
This is old school, noir San Francisco. It's not the Mission or the Haight. There is history, mystery, and intrigue. It is a bit off the beaten path but in the middle of everything. It's a part of San Francisco most people know nothing about. Perfect!
This is one of the most diverse, eclectic and spontaneous neighborhoods in not just San Francisco but all of California. Located right at the crossroads of Nob Hill, Chinatown, the Financial District and Union Square supplies any guest with unlimited possibilities of places to see, food to eat and vistas to write home about.
This is the perfect neighborhood for sightseeing in San Francisco, just two blocks away from Union Square. Plenty of shopping, sightseeing and delicious restaurants are nearby or just a short bus ride away.
This neighborhood is very central to all of San Francisco. Union Square, FiDi, Fisherman's Wharf, and many more are all within 10 minutes of this location. Walking and muni will be the best choice of transportation :)
Very central, 5 min away from Union square, 5 min away from North beach, and 12 min away from Bart. Chinatown has a lot of character, and is a great neighborhood for shopping food.
Very central, 5min away from Union Square,  5min away from North Beach, and 12 min away from BART. Chinatown has a lot of character, and is a great neighborhood for shopping food.
We are located in the heart of SF
We are situated between Chinatown and the Financial District, two very safe, quiet neighborhoods.
You are right near all the shopping downtown and Union Square, only two - three blocks away (dangerous, I know!). Walking distance to China town and North Beach. Short 5-10 minute cab ride to the Marina, and short walk to the Embarcadero, SOMA and much, much more! Seriously, if this is your first time in SF - this is the spot for you.
You will be staying directly in Chinatown, one block away from North Beach (little Italy) and Broadway, several blocks from Coit Tower, (local land mark), Lombard Street (the crookedest street), Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, Hyde Street Pier, The Cannery, Ghirardelli Square, the Cable Cars (all three lines), The Cable Car Barn, The Exploratorium, Union Square (SHOPPING!), Market Street (more shopping), the Financial District, The Ferry Building, City Lights Bookstore, popular entertainment clubs, famous hotels, well known churches, several local museums and much more.  These are only a few highlights within a short walking distance! If you're a foodie you'll be in food heaven!  There are over 35 restaurants in Chinatown alone! Even if you were to seek out the best ones, it would take weeks for you to try them all!  Pastry shops, specialty wine shops, friendly bars and pubs. Active lifestyles? Jog through the various neighborhoods, rent bikes, book a fishing charter, kayak/windsurf/kitebo