Diamond Heights combines the excitement of an urban environment with the pace (and peace) of a residential neighborhood. There's often a lovely spell mid-morning when the fog rolls away to reveal the shining city below.
Diamond Heights is nestled atop one of the many hills of San Francisco and is just south of better-known Twin Peaks. With its very central location, the neighborhood is within an easy walk, drive, and/or public transport ride to all the city of San Francisco has to offer. Afficionados of mid-century architecture and design will love wandering the neighborhood and marveling at the “lost in the 60s” feel of the houses and winding streets which showcase a San Francisco that will delight and surprise visitors who may only know the city through its Victorian and Edwardian heritage. Minutes from Eichler Troy is Diamond Heights Shopping Plaza which hosts a Safeway grocery store, Walgreens drug store, post office, dry cleaners, restaurants, and a cafe. Behind the plaza is George Christopher Playground where locals walk their dogs and spend quality time with their kids.  Also just down the hill is the wonderful urban oasis of Glen Park Canyon, a large, rugged, undeveloped area perfect for hikin
Friendly and Peaceful
House is located on a hill in the Diamond Heights neighborhood, which abuts Noe Valley and Glen Park. It is a quiet residential neighborhood. Easy drive to the Mission, Noe Valley, and Glen Park, as well as to the South Bay (280 entry is very close).
I really love the architecture of the neighborhood, as well as its convenience to the Diamond Heights Shopping Center and Glen Canyon Park for hiking. It's also extremely quiet- you'd never know you are in the middle of the city. There's low density and tons of street parking. Noe Valley is right down the hill and the Castro is a 5 minute drive or a 20 minute walk.
Our house is on a quiet little street about 1 mile from the Heart of it all ( Castro, the Mission and down town).  We live at the foot of Twin Peaks and above Noe Valley which puts us almost exactly in the middle of San Francisco's 7 mile by 7 mile perimeter.
The Diamond Heights neighborhood is located on a hill in the center of San Francisco, equidistant from the ocean, Golden Gate, downtown, and bay. Walking distance from Noe Valley, Castro, Mission, Cole Valley, and Twin Peaks, which affords 360 degree panaoramic views of the San Francisco bay area. Other parts of the city, including Golden Gate Park and museums,  can be accessed by car or public transportation within minutes. 
Walk to shops and restaurants in Glen Park Village
We are across the street from Glen Park canyon with great hiking trails and a playground and five blocks from Glen Park-- a wonderful  and thriving neighborhood--with the BART to take you downtown in ten minutes and  great restaurants, cafes, a new library, a bookstore and a market. These are some of the places in our neighborhood! Glen Park Station • Bars • 2816 Diamond Street Real neighborhood bar with television for watching sports games! Tataki Canyon • Restaurants • 678 Chenery Street Sushi restaurant with intimate atmosphere. Glen Park Branch  Library 2825 Diamond Street Wonderful library where you can browse books or sit and read magazines and newspapers. The libraries also have all kinds of events for children and adults. Bello Coffee & Tea • Coffee • 2885 Diamond Street Wonderful neighborhood cafe. Free wifi--all kinds of coffee drinks and pastries. Higher Grounds Coffee House 691 Chenery Street Great specialty crepes of all kinds! Big wooden tables with some tables outside. O