Cole Valley is a very safe, charming and friendly neighborhood with a diverse population and a lot of retail and restaurants. It still feels "mom and pop"-ish, too!  I am equally close to the Irving Street corridor that has a greater number of restaurants, shops and a lovely nightlife. 
FABULOUS location location location no barbecue or Hibachi
Fabulous Oceanfront location next to Golden Gate Park. This is an upscale area of San Francisco. 24 hour grocery across the street Close to local  restaurants and coffee shops with San Francisco flair Bus line outside the front door for convenience 5 minutes to Golden Gate Bridge 
Location!!!
Sleepy local safe seaside residential area where fog horns can be heard at night.   Walk to Balboa restaurants and shops corridor, Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach.  Many wonderful local eateries and shops to visit. Catering can be provided by near local restaurants/bakeries if here for an event. Local favorite activities: Yoga, Spa, Golf, Hiking, Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park& Museums(Legion of Honor, Academy of Science, De Young) and hanging out at nearby cafes or catch a movie at the local movie house. Three golf courses near with two walkable to. Lincoln and Golden Gate Park golf course.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD The Inner Richmond is a charming and diverse neighborhood, known for great Asian food. There are great bars and restaurants on Clement St, Balboa St and Geary Blvd, but it is generally quiet at night. A great place to relax after a busy day seeing the city! Nearby neighborhoods like lower Haight, have active nightlife. You can easily walk or take public transit to and from the house in the evening or late at night. It is very safe around here.  DESTINATIONS Grocery store, laundromats, cafe, restaurants, and bike shops (with rentals) all around the block - check the GUIDEBOOK. There is a lot to see and do nearby. We are only a block away from the de Young Museum, the California Academy of Sciences, The Conservatory of Flowers, and the Japanese Tea Garden. We are also a short and easy bike ride away from Ocean Beach, the Presidio, and the Golden Gate Bridge.
This neighborhood is San Francisco's best kept secret. Quiet, but within a quick commute to all of the hustle and bustle of downtown, Ocean Beach revolves around two main places -- 5 miles of beach fronting the pacific ocean and Golden Gate Park, one of the best urban parks in the country.