 The apartment is near Golden Gate Park. The panhandle. Haight Ashbury. Divisadero. Also, near major bus lines to take you anywhere in the city in under a half hour. There are great restaurants, grocery stores, and the neighborhood is generally quiet.
-Inner Richmond centrally located in SF with easy access to all of the City's Jewels! Safe and family friendly. -3 Blocks to vibrant Clement St. Restaurants, Bars and Coffee shops -2 Blocks to the Museums (De Young, California Academy of Science. Conservatory of Flowers) in Golden Gate Park -Walking distance to Presidio National Park and Golf Course -2 miles to GG bridge -2 miles to Legion of Honor, Lincoln Park, Golf Course -2 miles to Lands End Coastal Trail -2 miles to Ocean Beach -2 miles to beautiful Marina district and Palace of Fine Arts -15 min drive to Sausalito, and Tiburon. 45 min drive to Napa and Sonoma Valleys  
A foodie paradise with weekly farmer's market, tons of great restaurants within walking distance, and 2 minute walk away from a 24 hour grocery store.
A foodie paradise with weekly farmer's market, tons of great restaurants within walking distance, and one house away from a 24 hour grocery store.
A four block stroll takes you to Golden Gate Park and its world-class museums  (DeYoung Art Museum and California Academy of Sciences), along with its meadows and flower gardens.  A stroll in the other direction takes you to vibrant Clement Street, with a host of Asian restaurants, bookstores, and curiosity shops. A short drive takes you to Ocean Beach (expert-level surfing or tension-relieving walks), to the Golden Gate Bridge and Chrissy Field,to Fisherman's Wharf, or to the restaurants, bars, and shops of Union Square, North Beach, Haight-Ashbury, and Fillmore Street.   The Napa and Sonoma valleys are approximately one hour north of us, the beaches of Santa Cruz are one hour south, and the wonders of Monterey Bay are twenty minutes south of Santa Cruz.  Scenic hikes abound, including walks along Ocean Beach, Chrissy Field, and along the Land's End trail high above the surf just outside Golden Gate Bridge.  Challenging and well-kept public golf courses include The Presidio Golf Cours
A short walk to the amazing Golden Gate Park and shops and Restaurants in the Inter - Richmond district . World Class destination San Francisco .
ACTIVITIES NEARBY: 1. Stow lake boat ride ((SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) stow lake boathouse for rates)- really fun  2. Every Sunday there is a neat farmer's market on Clement street from 4th ave to 2nd ave  3. Friday nights at Museum DeYoung (not in the winter) 4. Thursday night (music and drinks) at California Academy of Sciences  5. Weekends are fun to walk in Golden Gate Park and people watch- zumba class (right side as enter park)and skates with music (left side as enter into park) 6.  Off the Grid Picnic at the Presidio (not in the winter) - every Sunday 11-4pm; food trucks/mini farmer’s market; in front of Walt Disney Museum-really neat/relaxing  RESTAURANTS NEARBY: 1.      French: Chapeau- 126 Clement 2.      French:  Richmond Restaurant 3.       European: Café Europa 4318 California Street 4.       Sushi Bistro on  431 Balboa between 5th and 6th street 5.       Korean: My Tofu House- 4627 Geary Blvd 6.       Korean: Brother’s Korean-4128 Geary Blvd 7.       Park Chow: 1240 9th A
ACTIVITIES NEARBY: 1. Stow lake boat ride ((SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) stow lake boathouse for rates)- really fun 2. Every Sunday there is a neat farmer's market on Clement street from 4th ave to 2nd ave 3. Friday nights at Museum DeYoung-Free! 4. Thursday night (music and drinks) at California Academy of Sciences  5. When it is in-season, we also enjoy "OFF THE GRID PICNIC at THE PRESIDIO" Sundays from morning to about 4pm  RESTAURANTS NEARBY: 1.      French: Chapeau- 126 Clement 2.       French:  Richmond Restaurant 3.       European: Café Europa 4318 California Street 4.       Sushi Bistro on  431 Balboa St. between 5th and 6th Av(URL HIDDEN) Sakesan Bistro- 626 Clement St(URL HIDDEN) Wako Japanese Restaurant - (One Michelin star!)-211 Clement St. 5.       Korean: My Tofu House- 4627 Geary Blvd 6.       Korean: Brother’s Korean-4128 Geary Blvd 7.       Park Chow: 1240 9th Ave (Smiling noodle is great if like seafood) 8.       Burmese: Mandalay Restaurant (Burma Superstar is also nea
Airbnb describes our neighborhood as "...the Richmond District is an under-the-radar residential neighborhood surrounded by green space. Although it’s not the height of hipness, it’s important to note that the Richmond is not uncool. Instead, it’s a laid-back locale with simple and delicious dining options and friendly neighborhood bars. This west San Francisco neighborhood’s bus routes provide direct access to the city’s center." We love our neighborhood! Live like a native San Franciscan during your stay and enjoy your local neighborhood. One of a kind restaurants, cafes, bars and shops are within walking distance! Walk over to the Grindz for a Hawaiian flavored breakfast. Have dinner at the city's famed Burmese Superstar. There are choices for everyone's palette!  Two blocks away is Mountain Lake Park. Walking and biking trails are throughout the park as well as one of the city's best playgrounds!
Apartment sits on world Clement street full of restaurants and bars galore, live music, one of the best bookstores in the city (Green Apple), coffee shops, boutique shops.   Walking distance from Golden Gate Park, the DeYong Museum, The Academy of Sciences, The Conservatory of Flowers, The Botanical Gardens, The Japanese Tea Gardens--the list goes on and on!   3 miles from the beach and with a short hike north takes you into the Presidio with dramatic vistas and miles of hiking. Safeway and Trader Joes within walking distance.
Clement street is nearby and has amazing and uncrowded restaurants.  I'm always willing to give tips!
Close proximity to Golden Gate Park.  Several bus lines provide direct access to downtown and Union Square as well as to the Golden Gate Bridge and Marin beyond.  Nearby Geary and Clement streets feature plenty of dining options.
Close to San Francisco Attractions: Golden Gate Park, De Young Museum, California Academy of Sciences, Huntington Falls, San Francisco Botanical Gardens, and the Conservatory of Flowers!
Close to bars and restaurants, great and safe neighborhood.
Close to parks, public transportation, easy to find parking, shopping, amazing food everywhere you turn, views of parks and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Convenient, central part of SF called NOPA (North of the Panhandle) - close to downtown but also to freeways to the Peninsula and South Bay.   2 blocks to Golden Gate Park. Within less than 5 minutes' walk to many stores, restaurants, cafes, bike shops and other civilized amenities. Even live music or world-class museums (the DeYoung art museum, the Academy of Sciences, the Conservatory of Flowers) are within close walking distance!
Couldn't be better. All kinds of restaurants in the neighborhood: Mexican, Thai, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, you name it, it's within walking distance.
Cross the street from Golden Gate park, 20 min walk to the Ocean Beach.
Easy access to all San Francisco sites.  Situated between Golden Gate Park and Presidio National Park.  Six blocks to DeYoung Art Museum and Academy of Sciences.  One block from Mountain Lake Park.  Twenty minute walk through Presidio National Park to beautiful Baker Beach.  Forty minute walk, through Presidio National Park to reach Crissy Field.   Easy access to bike routes and public transport throughout San Francisco and Marin County.   Near to stores carrying just about anything you can imagine including Clement St with its remarkable diversity of restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bakeries, ice cream stores, and groceries as well as banks, pharmacies, and other practical stores.
Easy access to all San Francisco sites. Situated between Golden Gate Park and Presidio National Park. Six blocks to DeYoung Art Museum and Academy of Sciences. One block from Mountain Lake Park. Twenty minute walk through Presidio National Park to beautiful Baker Beach. Forty minute walk, 10 minute bike ride, or 5 minute drive through Presidio National Park to reach Crissy Field. Near to stores carrying just about anything you can imagine including Clement St with its remarkable diversity of restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bakeries, ice cream stores, and groceries as well as banks, pharmacies, and other practical stores. Also very near Richmond branch of SF public libraries and Sunday morning farmers' market. 
Everything
Everything you need is walking distance! We have amazing Russian delis, Chinese dumplings, awesome tequila bars, book stores, movie theaters, parks...you name it! 
Excellent true San Francisco hood. Great food and shops. Perfect for outdoor enthusiasts. 15 min bike ride to the bridge and Marin. Safe and vibrant. A true SF experience for those who know.
Exiting through decorative antique door lays the wonderful city of San Francisco. Stepping outside of the threshold one will be oriented to the west. Here one will be facing towards the beach. To get to this location one may take the 5 Fulton (perpendicular to Arguello to the south 2 blocks away) which brushes alongside the Golden Gate Park. Another option would be down the main artery of the Richmond District the 38 Geary (2 blocks away to the north).  Cruising down Geary, an abundance of restaurants, cafes, and stores fill the streets towards the beach.  To the north, one will stumble upon a public swimming pool 1 block away and a golf course with plenty of hiking 5 blocks away.  To the east, one will be heading towards downtown San Francisco. The 1 and 38 are conveniently located to bring one in that direction. Cruising down on the 38 one will pass a few landmarks of the city, the popular Fillmore district, Japantown, Civic Center, and the pier. Heading East on the 1 California (4 b
Geary Blvd. is such a great place to explore if you enjoy eating great food! Golden Gate park is less than a mile away, and you can easily spend your entire day there. The de Young museum is perfect for art lovers, and the California Academy of Sciences is great for people of all ages!
Go to Velo Rouge cafe. Bike to Golden Gate Bridge through (website hidden) park. Chill have a nice walk and relax.
Golden Gate Park! It is the best place in the city. If I were a tourist in San Francisco, I would spend almost my whole trip there. Stow Lake, Conservatory of Flowers, windmills at the beach, the bison fields, Japanese Tea Garden, the Carousel and Koret playground for kids, and of course, the DeYoung Museum and Academy of Sciences (with a beautiful square/courtyard in between them with 3 fountains, bike rentals, and food trucks). All of these places in GGP are walkable from our house.
Golden Gate park is our front yard.  Within ten minutes walking of Conservatory of Flowers, DeYoung Museum and California Academy of Sciences.   Easy walking distance to Haight Ashbury, USF, Clement Street aka western Chinatown.  Fabulous market and coffee house around the corner.
Golden gate Park is right across, proximity to restaurants, close to Mission, Castro, SFdowntown and NOPA. Very safe and kid friendly
Gourmet supermarket with organic goodies, charming blue bottle coffee cafe, and bike shop/rental etc half a block away. Trendy Balboa corridor and Clement Street easy walking distance. DeYoung Museum, Academy of Sciences (aquarium, planetarium, rain forest, penguins and much more), musical concourse, Japanese Teagarden, Conservatory  of Flowers, Botanical Garden - 3-5 blocks away. GG Park fantastic playground with steep concrete slide easy walking distance. Stow Lake (rent a pedal or row boat), watch bison, quick bike ride away. 8 blocks to famed Presidio with spectacular hiking trails and lovely gourmet restaurants. Beautiful bike ride to famous Ocean Beach through the park. 1 block to public transit to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiradelli Square. Athletic field and 25m pool 1,5 blocks away.
Gourmet supermarket with organic goodies, charming blue bottle coffee cafe, and bike shop/rental etc half a block away. Trendy Balboa corridor and Clement Street easy walking distance. DeYoung Museum, Academy of Sciences (aquarium, planetarium, rain forest, penguins and much more), musical concourse, Japanese Teagarden, Conservatory of Flowers, Botanical Garden Stow Lake (rent a pedal or row boat), watch bison, quick bike ride away. Blocks away from the Presidio with spectacular hiking trails and lovely gourmet restaurants. Beautiful bike ride to famous Ocean Beach through the park.
Great food on Clement Street just steps out of the front door.  10 minute walk to the Presidio or Golden Gate Park
Great location! Lone Mountain/NOPA is a charming residential neighborhood centrally located  in San Francisco, close to many bus lines, Golden Gate Park and restaurants galore.  You can be downtown in less than 20 minutes on the bus, or walking among fountains, parks and museums in 5.  This in-law apartment is on a quiet side street, just steps away from shops, restaurants, friendly people, live music and services.  
Great neighborhood!  Close to everything and quite beautiful.  Walking distance to grocery stores, cafes, bus lines and Golden Gate Park.
I love my neighborhood and have lived in this area almost 15 years.  Golden Gate Park is 5 minutes walk away, which is a nice place for morning run or long walk. It's also close to tons of delicious restaurants and many groceries if you prefer to cook.
I love that within 2 blocks you are in the stunning Golden Gate Park near the waterfall good for an early morning run to beach ( 20 minutes) and yet if you want the buzz of down town SF- Union Square ( 20 Minutes, 38 L runs every 3 minutes) My neighbourhood has an abundance of amazing Asian restaurants and lots of character.
I love the coffee shop that's right next to Whole Foods. The funky vintage stores on Haight (some great finds.) There are 3 yoga studios within 2 blocks. But most of all I love jogging and hanging out in the biggest park in the city right out the window. The beach is about 10 minutes away.
I love the many Asian and specificaly Thai restaurants around, Burma super star restaurant, Lou's sandwiches on the corner, House of bagels for breakfast , Farmers market on Clement on Sundays, walking on Funston st to either Golden gate park or Mountain lake park on a beautiful day. There is 7Eleven and gas station open 24 hrs right across of the house.
If you want to explore San Francisco or here for business this flat sits in a central location close to everything with transportation readily available. There are tons of amazing attractions very close-by. Here are just a few: Golden Gate Park We are located blocks from beautiful Golden Gate Park, which can keep you occupied for days. From our place you can easily walk to museums (De Young, California Academy of the Sciences), the Japanese Tea Garden, the Conservatory of Flowers, and so much more. Happy to give you a list of all the best sights in the park. Golden Gate Bridge If you want to check out the Golden Gate bridge, it's hard to find a more convenient location in the city - we're exactly an 8 minute drive from the bridge. Or if you feel like getting a bit of exercise, we can recommend a beautiful 2.5 mile walk from the flat through the Presidio (amazing forest that is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area) ending at the foot of the Golden Gate Bridge. Beaches If you
Infront of Golden Gate Park, and next to haight street bars! :) Safeway and whole foods about a 5 min walk away.
Inner Richmond - heavy on pho, sushi, Russian bakeries, overall incredible food, laid back bars and a wonderful Sunday farmers market. 4 blocks to Golden Gate Park and 3 blocks to The Presidio - so a perfect pace for people who want to get outdoors and/or exercise.
Inner Richmond is block from Golden Gate Park, The Presidio, and The Pacific Ocean.  In addition, easy bus rides to everywhere
Inner Richmond is great! There are plenty of restaurants a few blocks away, Golden Gate park is very close where are major SF museums such as California Academy of Science and de young museum. It's very quiet, safe, and clean.
Inner Richmond/Lake Street neighborhood is a quiet, residential area that also allows easy access to vibrant shopping, dining, and tourist activities. Whether it's a hike or bike ride in the extensive Presidio, or a walk through the "China-town" on Clement St for a sampling of some of the cities best Vietnamese, Chinese, and Japanese food, or the high-end shops of Sacramento Street, our neighborhood offers a choice of adventures for almost any traveler.
Inner-Richmond neighborhood, means easy access to major attractions while live in a quiet residential neighborhood.  You get to taste a slice of quintessential SF life.  The house is walking distance to Clement street, with restaurants catered to locals, a good mix of cool and practical: New American eatery, French bistro, Italian, authentic Chinese (Clement street is nicknamed "New Chinatown"), and other ethnic foods.  A few grocery stores and drug stores.
Intimate neighborhood lots of restaurants and shops one block to mountain lake park, 12 blocks to Presidio golf course, five blocks to Golden Gate Park, Aquarium and De Young, & Asian Art museums.
It is pretty quiet although it's only a few hundred feet from the busy Clement Street that is lined with stores, restaurants, banks, and businesses to meet your daily needs. The famed Green Apple bookstore is only 4 blocks away on Clement.
It's conveniently located in the center of the bay. You can take a bus straight to the beach that runs basically in front of the house or you can go to the other side that goes into the financial district. The Golden Gate Bridge is a lot just 15 minutes away.  As you see, the park is in front of you! Also, you can walk to the famous Haight Ashbury if you like, it's about 10 minutes away. There's a bunch of super markets in the area too.
Just a sampling of the food and fun close by (feel free to ask if you'd like suggestions): Heartbaker -  Local cafe, 1 block away and terrific  Chomp and Swig - This compact, stylish sandwich shop features many craft beers both in the bottle & on tap. Tia Margarita's - Classic Mexican food, local institution Aziza - Michelin starred, simply fabulous Moroccan cuisine  Cliff House - Grab some fish and chips right on the coast!  Lou's sandwiches - 2 blocks to some of the best sandwiches in the city.  House of Bagels - classic NY bagels and deli There are numerous great sushi restaurants within blocks Pete's and Starbuck's Coffee - 2 and 4 blocks away respectively Pharmacy / Walgreens - 2 blocks away And much more... Outdoors: Baker Beach and China Beach Land's End Trail Mountain Lake Park The Presidio 18th Ave Park - outdoor basketball and tennis courts  3 minutes to the Golden Gate Bridge And Golden Gate Park (5 blocks away) includes: Academy of Sciences Conservatory of Flowers de Young 
Lake Street is a quiet family area, a short walk to shops, restaurants, 2 childrens' playgrounds, Baker Beach and the Presidio Golf Course.
Located across the street from University of San Francisco and its beautiful, iconic church. We are three blocks north of the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park and situated atop a hill, making it sunnier than other surrounding neighborhoods. We are a short walk, or even easier bus ride away from Divisadero street, with famous restaurants such as Nopa, Bar Crudo, Bi-Rite Ice Cream, and 4505 Barbeque.
Located in the heart of San Francisco, Nopa is full of bars, restaurants, cafes, and shops. Both Divisadero Street and Haight Street are within easy walking distance, and the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park are just a few blocks away. Whether you're looking for nature or the city, it's all within reach! Downtown, the Mission, and Ocean Beach are only three miles from the house in any direction.
Located on a scenic hilltop that is equidistant from the San Francisco Bay and Pacific Ocean, you will find the Lone Mountain neighborhood. Lone Mountain now serves as the main campus for the University of San Francisco (USF), a popular Jesuit-run school located in the heart of San Francisco. Bordered by Laurel Heights to the north, Anza Vista to the East, North Panhandle (NOPA) to the south, and Inner Richmond to the West, the Lone Mountain neighborhood is a 3 minute walk from Golden Gate Park,and close to the Presidio and some of the best neighborhoods for food, drink, and entertainment.
Location:  Directly on Golden Gate Park steps from the DeYoung Museum, New Academy of Science (Steinhart Aquarium), Music Concourse, Japanese Tea Garden, Rose Garden & Botanical Garden.  Easy access to the Golden Gate Bridge & Marin, the Presidio, Laurel Village & 9th/Irving as well as Clement Street.
Lone Mountain (Inner Richmond) is a hidden gem.  It is safe, convenient and right in the center of the City.  Adjacent to Golden Gate Park, Haight Ashbury, NOPA, University of San Francisco.  
Lone mountain is a fantastic SF neighborhood that is central to everywhere in San Francisco.
Multiple Michelin star restaurants are within a couple blocks. Very friendly, quiet and safe neighborhood during the day and night. With easy access to all parts of the city. Rich culture and entertainment throughout the neighborhood. Events in and around the area daily. As well as a Sunday farmer's market, local eats and shopping. Golden Gate and Presidio Parks within four blocks, California Academy of Sciences, Japanese Tea Garden, Arboretum, Height Ashbury and University of San Francisco are all within walking distance. Golden Gate Bridge and Ocean Beach are close by and easy to get to!
My condo is in the Richmond District of San Francisco,  overlooks Park Presidio, is 1.5 blocks from The Presidio and 5 blocks from Golden Gate Park. It is very walkable with many stores and restaurants near by. I'll leave more detailed information for my guests when they arrive.
Neighbors are all great and there are a lot of kids (24!) on the block...
New remodeled private unit with living room, bedroom and bathroom. The location is great, walking distance to Golden Gate Park. Safeway supermarket opens 24 hours on the cross street. There is a laundry at the corner of the block. Nice restaurants around. You will get all you need.
Newly listed space, a prime downtown location near Golden Gate Park, University of San Francisco, and the legendary Haight – Ashbury district.   We are on the top side of the park closer to the city, so you can also quickly go to downtown, the financial district, and Mascone Center.     We are two blocks from University so perfect for students or parents visiting.   You can walk, or jog to San Francisco’s treasure, the Golden Gate Park which is full of trails, forests, museums, playing fields, and concert grounds.
NoPa (North Panhandle) is considered one of the most active and lively neighborhoods in San Francisco. Great Dining, Parks, Bars, and tourist attractions are all located nearby, but it still maintains a quiet neighborhood feel. An authentic feel and centrally located so you are a short walk or cab ride to every single major attraction in the city.
OUr house is located one blcok from Golden Gate Park! Great quiet street set in the middle of San Francisco. Great for a family vacation.
On the edge of the Presidio, the Richmond district has parks, easy access to the bay, and Presidio hiking and while just 10 minutes from downtown.
One Block from the main area of Golden Gate Park. Lots of Bus routs within a few blocks. Close to Ocean Beach, Haight Street. Vibrant local high street with many many bars and restaurants. Quiet Building. Great Views.
One block to Golden Gate park, the Academy of Sciences, DeYoung Museum. Great food around the corner, Clement St and Inner Sunset are all within walking distance.
One of the nicest, undercover great neighborhoods in San Francisco.  Anyone not from here won't recognize it.  Anyone who lives here will be very jealous that you've landed in our 'hood.  Residential for sure, super safe with lots of families and dog owners mulling around the park.  We are a very short walk to California Street and Clement Street - both with lots of dining options.
One of the things I love about this neighborhood is that while it is quite central to many interesting sites and places to visit, it feels like a quiet, residential neighborhood. Our house is so peaceful and yet so convenient for finding your way around the city. The views looking west are spectacular as are the sunsets. Amenities like grocery stores, coffee shops, a great all American Diner (Mel's), drugstores, restaurants, Golden Gate Park with running and biking trails, great vintage clothes shopping( Haight St.) are all close by. It is the perfect location if you are attending  Music concerts in Golden Gate Park including Outsidelands or Alices Summerthings or Hardly Strictly Bluegrass
One of the things I love about this neighborhood is that while it is quite central to many interesting sites and places to visit, it feels like a quiet, residential neighborhood. Our house is so peaceful and yet so convenient for finding your way around the city. The views looking west are spectacular as are the sunsets. Amenities like grocery stores, coffee shops, a great all American Diner (Mel's), drugstores, restaurants, Golden Gate Park with running and biking trails, great vintage clothes shopping( Haight St.) are all close by. It is the perfect location if you are attending  Music concerts in Golden Gate Park including Outsidelands or Alices Summerthings or Hardly Strictly Bluegrass On street Parking is relatively easy for SF with no time limits across the street. Week-ends and summer are especially easy!
One of the things I love about this neighborhood is that while it is quite central to many interesting sites and places to visit, it feels like a quiet, residential neighborhood. Our house is so peaceful and yet so convenient for finding your way around the city. The views looking west are spectacular as are the sunsets. Amenities like grocery stores, coffee shops, a great all American Diner (Mel's), drugstores, restaurants, Golden Gate Park with running and biking trails, great vintage clothes shopping( Haight St.) are all close by. It is the perfect location if you are attending  Music concerts in Golden Gate Park including Outsidelands or Alices Summerthings or Hardly Strictly Bluegrass. On street Parking is relatively easy for SF with no time limits across the street. Week-ends and summer are especially easy!
Our neighborhood is close to easy city transportation-walking/biking distance to Golden Gate Park and the Presidio, the neighborhood has every kind of food imaginable within a few blocks!
Our neighborhood is conveniently located in San Francisco, just two blocks from the beautiful Golden Gate Park.  You will enjoy quiet space of a single family home, as well as the convenience to attractions, offices, shopping and restaurants.  Our home is centrally located. It is easy to go to Fisherman's Wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, Union Square, Ferry Building, Telegraph Hill, Marina, Little Italy, Japan Town and Chinatown. It is about 10-15 minute to the downtown financial district and most attractions by Uber or car; It only takes 10 minutes to Pacific Ocean. The distance to the beautiful Golden Gate Park is about 3-5 minute walk. Our neighborhood is safe and convenient, offering a sense of true San Francisco living as a resident rather than a traveler. You will be surrounded by native San Franciscans.   While our home is cozy and quiet, you are just two blocks from major banks, restaurants, and shops. The major grocery stores in our area are Safeway, Smart & Final and Trader Joe's. 
Our neighborhood is perfect as a home base!  Transportation: There are several bus stops a block or two away to take you to downtown, China Town, Golden Gate Bridge or anywhere else you'd like to go.  Population: Our neighborhood has a true diversity that is becoming harder and harder to find in San Francisco. You won't find a neighborhood full of tech-bros here.  Food!: We have the best Burmese food in SF (Burma Superstar, B Star and Mandalay), Sushi (Sakesan), Burgers (Richmond Republic Draught House), French (Chapeau!), Italian (Giorgio's Pizzeria), Turkish (Kitchen Istanbul) all within three blocks of our house. (If you love and only want Mexican food don't stay here, it is the one thing that is lousy -- though I can give you recommendations where to go.) The Sunday morning farmers market is literally on our corner so you can roll out of bed to get fresh fruits and veggies for the week.  Who: The neighborhood is great for families because the Academy of Sciences (ask us to borrow o
Our neighborhood is quiet, while being close to areas that are teeming with shopping and good restaurants of all kinds. We also have a fabulous farmers market within walking distance, which takes place every Sunday morning. Our closest grocery store (Safeway) is a few blocks away, and Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are both nearby. We are also close to two wonderful beaches, and both Golden Gate Park and Mountain Lake Park are minutes away.
Our neighborhood is very safe and walkable. We are a few blocks away from the beautiful Golden Gate Park which hosts a wide array of different activities (great museums and hikes, archery range, casting pools, bison paddock and much more!). Bike rentals are nearby the park entrance. Golden Gate Park Segway Tours is another local highlight. Painted Ladies, one of the SF highlights are just 30 min stroll from our place.  Plenty of local restaurants and bars nearby. There are stores, Safeway and Whole Foods within walking distance. If you like coffee, there are several spots around to warm yourself up for a day. If you would like to refresh yourself after a busy day, a swimming pool is just across the street. There several golf clubs nearby. Great access to all other parts of the city by the convenient bus lines.
Our neighborhood is very special and the best the city offers. It is eclectic and full of amenities within walking distance with easy access to many points of interest. Please feel free to ask how we can make your visit a memorable one. We have many local guidebooks and insights for your reference.
Plenty of restaurants, and equidistant between Golden Gate Park and Golden Gate National Park. Muni provides ready public transport anywhere. Walk up to the Golden Gate Bridge, 1/2 mile away.
Proximity to park, Clement St, transportation
Referred to as "Lone Mountain" we are between the Panhandle part of Golden Gate Park and Laurel Village on California Street. Geographically, Lone Mountain is literally the center of San Francisco so access to freeways, downtown, Golden Gate Bridge are within 10 minutes (downtown can be longer during commute times).  Lone Mountain sits between parts of the University of San Francisco so it has a wonderful college vibrancy to it, while most of the homes are families so it has a great neighborhood, small community feel --- within the City.  Golden Gate Park is wonderful, about a 5-10 minute walk or 2 minute drive.  We love the Corner Store restaurant, walking distance. Grocery store, brewery, and Starbucks all 3 blocks away.
Safe & friendly neighborhood, walking distance to market, cafés, restaurants. & shops on Clement & Geary. Most people do not need a car as GG Park nearby, there is easy public transport, zip car rental across the street rents by the hour or day! Several blocks from Golden gate park, bridge, museums, presidio. Easy drive, bus or Uber to downtown, marina, fisherman's wharf. Tour buses nearby.
Safe and quiet  , convenience -food, services( hospitals, university and parks) all within walking distance.  proximity to USF( half a block) , CPMC Hospital two blocks away, Kaiser Hospital and St Mary Hospital are within 10 minutes on foot, Asian markets on Clement streets. Big stores :  Fedex USPS , UPS , Best Buy,Target, Trader Joe's and Office Max are within 10 minutes on foot . Bus line 38  leads to downtown or  Pacific Ocean Other Buses #31 #5 #1 all within 5 min walk  
Safe and quiet neighborhood
Safe and quiet, plenty of parkings
Safe, quiet and convenient
Safe, quiet, easy access to airport, downtown, beach, Golden Gate Park, and Golden Gate Bridge.
Safeway is at end of the st and is open 24/7. Infinite amount of restaurants in a 3 block radius from Korean BBQ, Burmese, Italian, Pizza, to Sushi! And they all deliver!! Golden Gate Park is just 3 blocks away and the famous Haight/Ashbury is just a 5 minute drive.
San Francisco's Inner Richmond neighborhood is known for great dining options and friendly, family-oriented neighbors.
Situated in the Lone Mountain district of the city, just down the street from the main USF campus. The house is tucked away from the main thoroughfare in a quiet residential circle. Most of our quiet neighbors are families and university students. We are within walking distance (within 30 minutes) to several excellent food and shopping districts on the western side of the city - Laurel Village, Haight, Clement St, Divisadero, and more! We are also down the street from a City Target (department store), Trader Joe's (groceries), and Lucky's Market (groceries), so you don't have to go out - make use of the kitchen -cook at home!
Steps away from Clement Street (popular restaurants – Burma Superstar, Giorgio's Pizzeria, Chapeau etc.-, cafes with WiFi, shops and hardware stores), Mountain Lake Park (playground, tennis courts and trails to The Presidio) Minutes away from UC San Francisco and California Pacific Medical Center. Blocks away from University of San Francisco.
Steps to beautiful Golden Gate park. A 10 mins walk through the woods, a redwood grove or rose garden to Academy of Science and De Young Museums.   A few blocks to Geary street for all kinds of food: Asian, Sushi, Russian, Joes Ice Cream, kids playground, tennis courts etc. Clement st is nearby. Close to everything. Easy commute options.
Super convenient and safe neighborhood with free street parking. Easy walking distance to 3 great parks in the city, Golden Gate Park, Park Presidio, and Rossi Park. 1 block away from Arguello Market - home to the world famous turkey sandwich, 3-5 blocks away from all the shopping and restaurant amenities on Clement Street. Short walk from dozens of amazing restaurants that are all super affordable. Safeway Supermarket that is open 24 hours is walking distance as well on 7th and Cabrillo.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD The Inner Richmond is a charming and diverse neighborhood, known for great Asian food, and craft beer breweries. There are great bars and restaurants on Clement St, Balboa St and Geary Blvd, but it is generally quiet at night. A great place to relax after a busy day seeing the city! Nearby neighborhoods like lower Haight, have active nightlife. You can easily walk or take public transit to and from the house in the evening or late at night. It is very safe around here.  DESTINATIONS Grocery store, laundromats, cafe, restaurants, and bike shops (with rentals) all around the block - check the GUIDEBOOK. There is a lot to see and do nearby. We are only a block away from the De Young Museum, the California Academy of Sciences, The Conservatory of Flowers, and the Japanese Tea Garden. We are also a short and easy bike ride away from Ocean Beach, the Presidio, and the Golden Gate Bridge.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD The Inner Richmond is a charming and diverse neighborhood, known for great Asian food, craft beer breweries, . There are great bars and restaurants on Clement St, Balboa St and Geary Blvd, but it is generally quiet at night. A great place to relax after a busy day seeing the city! Nearby neighborhoods like lower Haight, have active nightlife. You can easily walk or take public transit to and from the house in the evening or late at night. It is very safe around here.  DESTINATIONS Grocery store, laundromats, cafe, restaurants, and bike shops (with rentals) all around the block - check the GUIDEBOOK. There is a lot to see and do nearby. We are only a block away from the de Young Museum, the California Academy of Sciences, The Conservatory of Flowers, and the Japanese Tea Garden. We are also a short and easy bike ride away from Ocean Beach, the Presidio, and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Terrific Inner Richmond location – walk to Golden Gate Park, the DeYoung Museum, Academy of Science, and lots of other smaller parks.   There are some great cafes on Balboa Street -  just one or two blocks away.  Clement Street - just 3 blocks away - hosts a Sunday morning Farmer's Market, and offers varied dining options and coffee shops.
The Inner Richmond district is loaded with many wonderful restaurants, coffee shops and shops. Just a short 2 block walk to a National Park and its many hiking trails.
The Inner Richmond has plenty of quaint shops (especially asian flavored shops). - Very quiet near the house.   - There are blocks packed with restaurants located a 5 minute walk from the house.    - There is are multiple large grocery stores within a 5 minute walk of the house - The beautiful Golden Gate Park is right next door - Stow Lake is very close to us. - 5 minute walk to the De Young Museum - 5 minute walk to the Japanese Tea Garden - The GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE is just a 10 minute drive away! - Ocean Beach, Sf's west coast, Cliff House, Sutro Baths, and Land's End are within 1a 0 minutes drive from the house.
The Inner Richmond is a charming and diverse neighborhood, known for great Asian food. There are great bars and restaurants on Clement St, Balboa St and Geary Blvd, but it is generally quiet at night. A great place to relax after a busy day seeing the city! Nearby neighborhoods like lower Haight, have active nightlife. You can easily walk or take public transit to and from the apartment in the evening or late at night. It is very safe around here.
The Inner Richmond is a quiet neighborhood with easy access to many of the fabulous sites and activities that San Francisco has to offer. The Inner Richmond District has historically been populated by Chinese, Russian and Irish immigrants and that heritage is still evidenced by the families living in the neighborhood and the plethora of Irish pubs, phenomenal Chinese food and Russian restaurants.  As San Francisco has evolved the neighborhood has continued to diversify, with many excellent new restaurants, cafes, boutiques, wine bars, etc. opening in the past few years along Clement St. Yet the greatest attractions continue to be natural ones, with Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach,  Land's End and the Presidio all bordering the area. The Richmond District is filled with great eats and outdoor spaces to enjoy the natural beauty of this great city. On Sundays there is a thriving local farmer's market complete with live entertainment, gourmet street food and great produce, and much of Golden
The Inner Richmond is filled with great food, parks, fun bars, and convenient transportation to downtown San Francisco. The house itself is located 2 blocks north of Golden Gate Park and two of the city's major museums (the De Young Art Museum, and the Academy of Sciences Museum). The major hubs of activity in the area are Geary Blvd. and Clement St. where the majority of restaurants and bars are located. Geary has everything from Japanese, to Indian, to Italian, to American style diners. Clement has fantastic Chinese, French, and Burmese food. All of which is within walking distance. Bars line both streets, some of my favorites are The Buckshot which has an arcade and cheap beer, Richmond Republic Draught House has rotating kegs of craft beer and cider, and Trad'r Sam which is a tiki lounge founded in 1939 (and it still seems to have the same furniture). The famous Haight-Ashbury is a short ways away as well, and is well worth an afternoon of exploring. Other great areas just outside 
The Inner Richmond is one of the most popular, convenient neighborhoods in San Francisco:  - Three blocks from Golden Gate Park, specifically near The California Academy of Sciences, De Young Museum, Japanese Gardens, and Arboretum.  - Three blocks from Clement Street, including its fabulous restaurants (such as Burma Superstar, B Star, Troya, Giorgio’s Pizza, Toy Boat Dessert), many coffee shops, See’s Candies, bakeries, Green Apple Bookstore (regularly voted best used bookstore in SF), spas, and more  - The Inner Richmond is home to the “other” or “real” Chinatown (less touristy than downtown)  - Six blocks from USF's huge and beautiful Koret Health and Recreation Center, for all your exercise needs. - Five blocks from the Presidio, where you can experience breath-taking views, hikes and golf  - Convenient grocery shopping, including Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, Safeway, fresh fruit markets, and many Asian supermarkets.  - Great location for running and biking (multiple bike rental sho
The Inner Richmond is one of the most popular, convenient neighborhoods in San Francisco: - Three blocks from Golden Gate Park, specifically near The California Academy of Sciences, De Young Museum, Japanese Gardens, and Arboretum. - Three blocks from Clement Street, including its fabulous restaurants (such as Burma Superstar, B Star, Troya, Giorgio’s Pizza, Toy Boat Dessert), many coffee shops, See’s Candies, bakeries, Green Apple Bookstore (regularly voted best used bookstore in SF), spas, and more - The Inner Richmond is home to the “other” or “real” Chinatown (less touristy than downtown) - Five blocks from the Presidio, where you can experience breath-taking views, hikes and golf - Convenient grocery shopping, including Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, 24-hour Safeway, fresh fruit markets, and many Asian supermarkets. - Great location for running and biking (multiple bike rental shops nearby; secure bike storage is available in our garage).
The Inner Richmond is one of the most popular, convenient neighborhoods in San Francisco: - Three blocks from Golden Gate Park, specifically near The California Academy of Sciences, De Young Museum, Japanese Gardens, and Arboretum. - Three blocks from Clement Street, including its fabulous restaurants (such as Burma Superstar, B Star, Troya, Giorgio’s Pizza, Toy Boat Dessert), many coffee shops, See’s Candies, bakeries, Green Apple Bookstore (regularly voted best used bookstore in SF), spas, and more - The Inner Richmond is home to the “other” or “real” Chinatown (less touristy than downtown) - Five blocks from the Presidio, where you can experience breath-taking views, hikes and golf - Convenient grocery shopping, including Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, 24-hour Safeway, fresh fruit markets, and many Asian supermarkets. - Great location for running and biking (multiple bike rental shops nearby; secure bike storage is available in our garage).  
The Inner Richmond is the geographic center of this amazing city.  We have the brand new deYoung Museum, the architecturally famous Cal Academy of Sciences, fabulous restaurants, and much more.  Close access to the beach, all Golden Gate Park events!  This is a great neighborhood.
The Inner Richmond is the home of amazing ethnic cuisine, neighborhood bars, and is sandwiched between Golden Gate Park and the Golden Gate Bridge. If you want to explore San Francisco, there’s really no better location. There are tons of amazing attractions very close-by. Here are just a few: Golden Gate Park We are located three blocks from beautiful Golden Gate Park, which can keep you occupied for days. From our place you can easily walk to museums (De Young, California Academy of the Sciences), the Japanese Tea Garden, the Conservatory of Flowers, and so much more. Happy to give you a list of all the best sights in the park.  Golden Gate Bridge If you want to check out the Golden Gate bridge, it’s hard to find a more convenient location in the city - we’re exactly an 8 minute drive from the bridge. Or if you feel like getting a bit of exercise, we can recommend a beautiful 2.5 mile walk from our home through the Presidio (amazing forest that is part of the Golden Gate National Rec
The Inner Richmond neighborhood is close to Golden Gate Park, with the DeYoung Museum, the Academy of Sciences, the Conservatory, the Botanical Gardens, Stow Lake and the Japanese Tea Garden within a couple of blocks of our studio. Bike rentals are one block away. Our guests can walk to all the music festivals and concerts in Golden Gate Park.  Nearly any type of cuisine can be found on nearby Balboa Street, Geary Boulevard and Clement Street, which is also home to the famous Green Apple Books store.  The Presidio, Ocean Beach and Land's End hiking trails are nearby. Walk to USF, St. Mary's Medical Center, Haight/Ashbury, and the Inner Sunset shopping and restaurant district.
The Lake District is a charming, family-friendly, and quiet neighborhood located in the Inner Richmond. It is nestled between the Presidio National Park, vibrant Clement Street, and Presidio Heights. We are 2 blocks from Clement Street which is sometimes referred to as the "Second Chinatown" and it has many Asian restaurants and independent shops. Every Sunday there is a wonderful Farmer's Market on Clement Street and a section of the street is closed to traffic (9am - 1pm). Sacramento Street is another walkable strip in Presidio Heights with higher-end boutiques, home decor shops, and a couple of excellent restaurants.   There are nearby hiking trails in the Presidio National Park. One can also walk to the DeYoung Museum or the Academy of Sciences in the Golden Gate Park. The Golden Gate Bridge is only a 5 minute drive from our home which offers great accessibility for day trips to Muir Woods, Sausalito, and wine country.
The Lake District section of the Inner Richmond is a beautiful location filled with magnificent parks, turn of the century Edwardian & Victorian homes, tree-lined streets and access to a wide variety of restaurants, coffee shops and bars.
The Lone Mountain neighborhood (also part of the Inner Richmond district) is the home of the University of San Francisco. It is a quiet, residential neighborhood with basic amenities such as cafes, laundry, and groceries.
The Lone Mountain neighborhood (also part of the Inner Richmond neighborhood) is the home of the University of San Francisco. It is a quiet, residential neighborhood with basic amenities such as cafes, laundry, and groceries.
The Richmond District is a more residential area of San Francisco. Besides Lands End and the Presidio, check out the Lincoln Park Golf Course, Legion of Honor Museum, and the famous Cliff House restaurant with magnificent views of the Pacific Ocean! It’s also just a few blocks away from Park Presidio Boulevard which can take you across the Golden Gate Bridge.
The Richmond District is a neighborhood in the northwest corner of San Francisco, California, developed initially in the late 19th century. It is sandwiched between the Presidio of San Francisco and Golden Gate Park.  The former was a military base founded by the Spaniards in 1776, and is now a popular recreation area and the home of LucasFilms.  The latter includes the De Young Museum and the California Academy of Sciences.  Other nearby attractions include the Golden Gate Bridge itself -- arguably *the* iconic symbol of San Francisco -- the Palace of Fine Arts, and the Legion of Honor. There is an eclectic assortment of restaurants and coffee shops in the neighborhood.  If you're looking for fantastic margaritas or traditional Mexican food, head to Tia Margarita, less than one block away.  A bit further and more upscale is Aziza, a Moroccan restaurant. If the Keurig coffee machine isn't quite enough to wake you up, there's a Starbucks two blocks away, and a host of more unique coffee
The Richmond District is a neighborhood in the northwest corner of San Francisco. It is sandwiched between the Presidio to the north and Golden Gate Park to the south.   Its commercial strips, Geary Boulevard and Clement Street, are commonly referred to as San Francisco's second Chinatown and boast more highly rated Chinese restaurants than Chinatown itself.  The Richmond is well-located for walking to Golden Gate Park and the Presidio, taking public transit (Muni) to the Financial District, as well as driving north to Marin County across the Golden Gate Bridge or south to the Peninsula and SFO down 19th Avenue.
The Richmond District is a vibrant San Francisco neighborhood, with close proximity to Golden Gate Park, The Presidio, Golden Gate Bridge and three beaches - Ocean Beach, China Beach and Baker Beach. You can also travel easily to Haight St. and the Sunset. There are countless dining and shopping options in the Richmond on Geary St. between 15th and 22nd Ave. and Clement St. between 12th and 2nd Ave. The area is well known for its Chinese cuisine (also dubbed the second Chinatown), but you can easily find Mexican, Italian, Burmese, Thai, Vietnamese, Russian, Indian, burgers, wings, pizza, doughnuts, etc. There are several Michelin 1 Star restaurants and Michelin Bar Gourmand restaurants (value driven).
The Richmond District occupies the northwest corner of San Francisco. To the south, the neighborhood is bordered by Golden Gate Park, to the north by The Presidio, to the east by Arguello Boulevard and to the west, by the Pacific Ocean. The neighborhood is often divided into two areas – the Inner Richmond and the Outer Richmond.  Our home is in the Inner Richmond and close to restaurants, cafes, and Golden Gate Park's key attractions.
The Richmond district is in many ways defined by its relation to the parks; bordered by Golden Gate Park on the south, the Pacific Ocean to the west, and Lincoln Park, Land's End, Mountain Lake Park and the Presidio of San Francisco to the north, bisected by the Presidio Greenbelt and with the Marin Headlands and the Golden Gate Bridge in full and clear view, the neighborhood, which is otherwise a simple but far-reaching grid, has a feeling of being encapsulated by nature.
The Richmond district offers a diverse culinary experience at prices that are more affordable than other parts of the city.  During your stay you will have a more realistic native San Franciscan experience than the touristy areas of the city.
The Richmond is family friendly with lots of great restaurants, cafes and shops to explore! I love the location near Golden Gate Park, Golden Gate bridge, easy access to Golden Gate bridge, Sausalito, Mt Tamalpais, easy commute to the Bay Area.
The Richmond is great! It has change a lot over the years with more stores and restaurants opening up. It's very family orientated and laid back part of the city but not too far from nightlife.
The Richmond is off the beaten path for most tourists, but has so much to offer in the way of restaurants and easy access to parks and the Golden Gate Bridge. It's the perfect blend of residential and commercial and quiet enough to ensure you have a peaceful stay.
The Safeway is on 7th and Cabrillo, its open 24 hrs. If you're looking for something to eat check out Balboa there's a cafe, sushi restaurant and a pizza place!
The apartment is located in a beautiful, stately San Francisco building between the Park Presidio and Richmond District neighborhoods, just above the Presidio and walking distance to Golden Gate Park, its museums (California Academy of Sciences, the DeYoung Museum, and the Conservatory of Flowers), hiking and biking trails, gardens and countless other attractions.  A short walk to Mountain Lake Park and Playground in the Presidio offers beautiful views and trails within city limits.  For nature lovers, the Presidio is wilderness in the city at its best, and history buffs will find a treasure trove of sites and information. The Presidio is also home to some of the most jaw-dropping but secret view points in the entire city.  Also situated on the trendy Clement Street corridor, the apartment boasts many options for dining, including Asian food from nearly every region, popular taquerias, cafes, French and Italian cuisine, and more.  Our neighborhood cafe (less than a block away) serves g
The apartment is located very close to the Golden Gate Park, Panhandle, Haight Ashbury, Divisadero and the beach. A major bus line is located right around the corner from the house to take you anywhere in the city under half an hour. There are great restaurants, grocery stores, and the neighborhood is generally quite.
The apartment is on a quiet residential street, but a block away is the famous Clement street. It's home to world-class Burmese, Chinese, Japanese, and other restaurants. Cozy cafes, bookstores, and boutique shops: Burma Superstar, Eats Cafe, The Blue Danube, Cinderella Bakery, and the Green Apple Bookshop, to name a few. Golden Gate Park is a few blocks south, near The Conservatory of Flowers, De Young museum, Japanese Tea Garden, and California Academy of Sciences A laundromat and several grocery stores are within walking distance.
The area North Of the Panhandle (NOPA) is filled with amazing restaurants, bus stops and a lively neighborhood. It is a quick walk from Divisadero and the famish Haight/Ashbury district. Few blocks down is the Golden Gate Park.
The area has many city amenities such as restaurants, banks, post office, grocery stores and cafes. All within 1-5 blocks of the apt.
The building is one block away from two bus lines that run downtown every 10-15 minutes. Some of the top rated restaurants in the city are just a few blocks away on Balboa and Clement streets (just let me know if you need any recommendations or let Yelp do the talking). The colorful and fun Haight street is just down the hill, only a 10 minute walk away. While exploring the Haight, check out the houses where superstars such as Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin lived previously or go shopping in some of the funkiest and unique boutiques in the country. Golden Gate Park is also nearby, just a quick 3 minute walk away. Easily access the Conservatory of Flowers, the California Academy of Science, the De Young Museum, and the rest of the wonders of the park.
The flat is a block away from Gate Park and within walking distance of the California Academy of Sciences, DeYoung Museum, Botanical Garden, Conservatory of Flowers, and the Japanese Tea Garden.  Guests can also take advantage of the views from nearby Ocean Beach, Land's End, and Lincoln Park.  Both Clement and Geary streets provide several restaurants, bars, groceries for food options.  
The home is located in a residential enclave known as Lone Mountain, we are right off the USF campus and two blocks to Golden Gate Park.
The inner Richmond is close into the city but with all the natural amenities of San Francisco at your finger tips. The world renowned Golden Gate Park is 2 1/2 blocks away. Ocean Beach or Baker Beach are both about 10 minutes by car. The Presidio with miles of walking trails is  10 minutes by car or 1/2 hour by foot.  It is a 1/2 hour bus ride to the heart of SF at Union Square. We have lots of restaurants all around us lots with an Asian flair. Considered to be one of the safest neighborhoods in SF, but as always in a big city its best to be aware of your surroundings.
The inner richmond district is my favorite area of the city. The best aspect of the apartment is the proximity to the restaurants on Clemente street, a block and a half away. There are three outstanding Burmese restaurants within walking distance of the apartment, as well as great Thai, Japanese, Chinese, French, and new American restaurants. There are three coffee shops within two blocks from the apartment. You can also easily walk to the Presidio, drive to Ocean Beach, or take a longer walk to Golden Gate Park.
The neighborhood has everything within walking distance from great restaurants, two great wine bars, Target, Trader Joes, Starbucks, banks - everything you may need
The neighborhood is called NoPa, which stands for North Panhandle. It's a vibrant neighborhood with many students and USF just around the corner. Also close by are plenty of restaurants, a Whole Foods market, and all the other good things you'll need. One highlight is certainly Golden Gate Park, which starts right on the other side of the street. Great for early morning runs, weekend picnics, and all the other good things GGP has to offer. 
The neighborhood is ideal because it is only a block away from Golden Gate Park. There's an excellent cafe down the street, a grocery story that has a really good prepared foods counter one block away, and a coin-op laundry mat on the corner. The bus stop is only a block away to take you downtown, to the beach, or to other parts of the city.
The neighborhood is the Richmond District. There are Lots of restaurants (family friendly, upscale, award winning and multi-ethnic), cafes, banks, wine shop, post office within walking distance. The house is very close to Lands End & The Presisdio (great scenic hikes), Baker Beach, Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park.
There's a bike rental place around the corner and a 24-hour grocery store one block away.  There are tons of great restaurants a couple of blocks away in the Inner Richmond and Haight Ashbury with all its excitement and nightlife and is a short walk through the park.
This is a great location to stay at if you're interested in getting to know SF and not being in the louder, less safe neighborhoods of SF.  The best part - it's actually sunny here and the patio, rooftop, bedroom, and living room get fantastic sun!  It's  NOT foggy, unless of course all of SF is foggy. Rose Garden - 4 blocks de Young Museum - 4 blocks Japanese Tea Garden - approx. 5 blocks Spreckles Temple of Music - approx. 5 blocks Conservatory of Flowers - approx. 10 blocks Presidio Golf Course Several trails within walking distance or a 10m. Uber/Lyft ride
This is a very safe and quiet neighborhood with easy access to public transportation.  Great restaurants are around the corner and a few blocks away is the famous Clement Street where diversity shines and where natives go.  This is the real San Francisco neighborhood.  Live here and you are one of us.
This is an awesome neighborhood, walking distance to restaurants, shops, Golden Gate park.
This neighborhood is great. Quite, low key, with great cuisine on Clement Street and easy access to the rest of city.  The neighborhood has easy street parking for vehicles.  Apartment Blocks from: -Golden Gate Park  -De Young Museum  -Academy of Science  -Conservatory of Flowers  -USF & UCSF  -Haight/Ashbury district -Green Apples Books (considered best bookstore in SF) 
This property  is located in the Lone Mountain district which is walking distance (500 feet) to the USF campus and 1/2 mile to Golden Gate Park. Across Geary blvd is Laurel Heights district with a large shopping area with Walgreens, 2 gourmet grocery stores, and nearly all possible services. There are 2 wine bars in walking distance; Internos and Tofino. UPS and Royal Ground coffee shop are 1 block away. Check (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) maps, there is everything in walking distance!
This sought after trendy neighborhood is surrounded by some of San Francisco’s top restaurants, shops and grocery stores just outside of your front door!  San Francisco’s most famous independent bookseller, The Green Apple is on the same block.  It is conveniently located to public transportation right off of California and Geary.   Start your day with coffee at one of the unique coffee shops and end your day with a drink at one of the cool bars nearby. Private catering is available for breakfast, lunch and dinner should you desire.  
Upper Haight Ashbury/North of Panhandle
Very quiet and peaceful. About 6 blocks from Golden Gate Park, which features De Young Museum, Academy of Science Museum, Stow Lake, Japanese Tea Garden, SF Botanical Garden, Conservatory of Flowers. About three blocks from Mountain Lake which leads to Presidio Park, Presidio Heights, and Pacific Heights.
Walk score of 93 - Walker's Paradise. Our home is within short walking distance to bus routes that can take you downtown (Union Square, Financial District, Embarcadero/Ferry Building), westward to Ocean Beach, Seacliff, and across town to Golden Gate Park and the Sunset District.
Walking distance to all of the park's attractions, the California Academy of Sciences, De Young Art Museum, Japanese Tea Garden, and Conservatory of Flowers. 10 minute walk to Haight Ashbury, Clement Street with all its delicious restaurants and bars. Being big foodies we love Burma Superstar, Cafe Banh Mi, Richmond Draught House, King of Thai #1, Arguello Market, Zazie, and a cute farmers market on Sundays.  5 minute walk to University of San Francisco's campus. Grocery stores (Safeway and Whole Foods) within 10 minute walk.
Walking friendly and safe.  There are Italian, Greek, French, Indian, American Southern BBQ, Irish pubs, Russian, A microbrewery, Independent Coffee Houses, Eritrean, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Burmese and Japanese restaurants within walking distance or a short bike ride away.   The Inner Richmond is a family oriented neighborhood. Clement street is just one street over and it is known as the New Chinatown.
Want Irish folk dancing and Guiness? we have it. How about the best Japanese restaurant in the City? check. French? done. Acclaimed Burmese brunch? right here. Feeling like burgers and selection of 40 on draft beers? 3 blocks away. This is the best neighborhood in SF.
We are 2 blocks from Golden Gate Park, The De Young Museum and Academy Of Sciences. We are also very close to Clement St. which features some of San Francisco's best restaurants including Burma Super Star, Mandalay, and Chapeau! You can get to the beach in 10 minutes and hike Lands End or Check Out Sutro Baths. San Francisco is only 7x7 square miles- so really we're close to everything while being tucked in a quiet neighborhood- so its sort of the best of both worlds.
We are in a great SF neighborhood. We are on a quiet street and our home is close to major parks, walking distance to Clement St.
We are right across the street from Golden Gate Park, a short walk to the Haight and Divisadero street. Ocean Beach, and Hayes Valley are also close by! Downtown and union square are a short bus ride away. The apartment is walking distance to great bars and restaurants.
We have lived here for 20 years , safe and convenient . 3 major hospitals -Kaiser, UCSF, and St Mary are within  10 mins on foot. UPS USPS Fedex, Best Buy Target, Trader Joe are  close, less than 10 mins on foot. Clement Asian market , Golden Gate Park and Park Presidio are  within 15 mins walk. 
We live here 20 years .  Safe and convenient. 3 major hospitals -Kaiser, UCSF, and St Mary are within  10 mins on foot. UPS USPS Fedex, Best Buy Target, Trader Joe are so close, less than 10 mins on foot. Clement Asian market , Golden Gate Park and Park Presidio are 15 mins walk. Bus #38 to downtown or uptown Pacific Ocean in 15 mins.  
We live in a neighborhood called Lone Mountain, right next to the campus of the University of San Francisco and a few blocks from Golden Gate Park where we go almost every day. In the park, in addition to the gorgeous trails and bountiful beauty you can visit the De Young Museum, the California Academy of Science, Stow Lake-- the list goes on. You can also walk from our house to the Divisadero corridor where all the new hot restaurants are opening, Clement St which is known as Chinatown west, Haight St. made famous in the 60's and Laurel Village an upscale shopping/dining area. 3 miles from downtown, easily accessible by bus. Crissy Field and the Golden Gate bridge are close by as well as the Mission. You're right in the middle of everything.
We live in one of the safest neighborhoods in San Francisco. Golden Gate Park two blocks away, there's lots of "green space" to enjoy. Cars are not necessary here - we are so conveniently located that there's nothing you can't get to by walking or taking public transportation. We are also a few blocks from Clement Street, a street well-known for having great ethnic restaurants and grocery stores, and are a short distance from the ocean.
We love our neighborhood, because so many resources are close to home. We can do just about everything on foot: food shopping, museums, restaurants, walks in the woods, the beach, etc. 
We love that we are so centrally located that we are within walking distance of great restaurants, two super grocery stores including Trader Joes, the new San Francisco City Target, and just a short walk from Golden Gate Park.  We are able to live here with one car because we can walk almost anywhere we want.
We love the central location and walk ability of our neighborhood. From our house we have access to all of the great things the city has to offer without ever getting into a car! There are award winning restaurants, bakeries, coffee shops, shopping and a grocery store within a few block radius. One of the best farmers markets in the city is 3 blocks away, and Golden Gate Park and the Presidio are both a short walk. We have access to amazing museums and gardens, the Academy of Science, the DeYoung Museum, the Conservatory of Flowers, the Japanese Tea Garden, and the Botanical Garden are all easy walks from our home. You can hop on a bus just outside the house and be downtown or at the beach in no time at all!
We love the food, the safe evening strolls & the quiet freshness of the Golden Gate Park air!
We offer a clean, comfortable private apartment in one of the worlds most popular destinations at a great value.  Experience the life of a San Franciscan.
We'll be delighted to share a detailed guide we have developed for our home and neighborhood.
We're located in a vibrant neighborhood; restaurants are plentiful, beaming nightlife, cafes, pubs, bars, markets, shopping, museums, golf and the beautiful Golden Gate Park all nearby within a short walking distance. There are many Art, Wine, Music festivals in the Golden Gate Park throughout the year.  Live performances like Shakespeare in the Park, Opera, bluegrass, etc. San Francisco has monthly events: Fillmore Jazz Festival, Outside Lands, North Beach festival, Union Street festival and the Haight-Ashbury Street festival.  The Golden Gate Park is huge and spreads from Ocean Beach to the other end at Stanyan Street (2 blocks away). Many sporting activities including volleyball, tennis, golf, roller skating, bike rentals and swing dancing on Sundays for the public. It's a great park to explore on foot, bicycle or the park shuttle. OFF THE GRID - Thursday evenings (Gourmet food trucks) Hours: 5pm - 8pm; (website hidden)%20Haight   From our home, take a short walk to this event for d
We've lived in this house for 20 years, and the neighborhood is very safe, quiet and convenient.  
While known as one of the safest and quietest neighborhoods , the Richmond district offers so many diverse restaurants and entertainment. Minutes away from the golden gate bridge and all its wonderful hiking trails.Also the museums and the aquarium are all within walking distance.
Within 3 minutes (walking!) of some of San Fran's best restaurants, including Burma Superstar, Q, and Chapeau! We are also situated near some of the best BEACHES in the area, including Crissy Field, Baker Beach, China Beach, and Ocean Beach.
You are located in the Inner Richmond next to Clement street which has in recent years become a bustling multicultural soup with some of the best dining in San Francisco - much of it very affordable. You'll find great Burmese (Burma Superstar), Thai (King of Thai), Chinese (Good Luck Dim Sum), Vietnamese (Cafe Bunn Mi) and of course some awesome Pizza (Giorgios).  Shopping is also a great adventure with the largest bookstore in the city (Green Apple) and many curio shops of all types.  You are a 15 min leisurely walk to Golden Gate Park, the De Young Museum, Japanese Tea Garden and the CA Academy of Sciences (Rain Forest, Planetarium, Aquarium) and a 5 min walk to the huge Presidio & Golf course. Tennis courts and swimming pools are close by (Mountain Lake Park, Rossi Park & the KORET Health & Recreation Center at the University of SF).
You are located in the Inner Richmond next to Clement street which has in recent years become a bustling multicultural soup with some of the best dining in San Francisco - much of it very affordable. You'll find great Burmese (Burma Superstar), Thai (King of Thai), Chinese (Good Luck Dim Sum), Vietnamese (Cafe Bunn Mi) and of course some awesome Pizza (Giorgios).  Shopping is also a great adventure with the largest bookstore in the city (Green Apple) and many curio shops of all types.  You are a 15 min leisurely walk to Golden Gate Park, the De Young Museum, Japanese Tea Garden and the CA Academy of Sciences (Rain Forest, Planetarium, Aquarium) and a 5 min walk to the huge Presidio & Golf course. Tennis courts and swimming pools are close by (Mountain Lake Park, Rossi Park & the Koret Health & Rec Center at the University of SF).
extremely safe and convenient. there are lots of restaurants and shops just 4-5 blocks on Clement or Geary st.
quite and safe 2 blocks Target store (city) trader jos'e and corner restaurant  
there are coffee shops bike rental small super market and very convenient bus lines to down town and Union square.   
•Safe neighborhood in the Inner Richmond District of SF •2 blocks from Golden Gate Park near California Academy of Sciences and de Young Museum •Plenty of local restaurants, bars, and a Safeway within walking distance •Great access to all other parts of the city by convenient bus lines
•Safe neighborhood in the Inner Richmond District of SF.  •2 blocks from Golden Gate Park near California Academy of Sciences and de Young Museum.  •Plenty of local restaurants, bars, and a Safeway within walking distance. •Great access to all other parts of the city by convenient bus lines.