* Enjoy some of San Francisco Sunniest weather along with beautiful views in upper Noe Valley * Safe and quiet neighborhood yet less than 10 min walk to where the action is and an awesome nightlife * Less than 5 min walk to Philz coffee, roomy coffee shop with wifi to enjoy your coffee while sitting and relaxing. * less than 15 min walk to 24 street shops, restaurants, whole foods, dining and farmers market (with year around  live music every Saturday) * 5 min walk to Noe Valley park (Tennis court, playground, basketball court, and grass area for picnic or walking your dog) * Less than 10 min walk to Douglass play ground , large park with playground section, dog section, tennis and basketball courts. * 20 min walk to the  Mission Doloris park * 20 min walk/hike to twin peaks hike Near various gyms and recreation centers: * Noe Valley Recreation center (Tennis, bootcamp, Pilates..) * Garfield pool (20 min bus ride or 35 min walk) * Mission pool (25 min walk)
** the neighborhood ** * Parking you don't have to be worried about it. Our location is unique and there is plenty of free parking space on the street. * Enjoy some of San Francisco Sunniest weather along with beautiful views in upper Noe Valley * Safe and quiet neighborhood yet less than 10 min walk to where the action is and an awesome nightlife * Less than 5 min walk to Philz coffee, roomy coffee shop with wifi to enjoy your coffee while sitting and relaxing. * less than 15 min walk to 24 street shops, restaurants, whole foods, dining and farmers market (with year around live music every Saturday) * 5 min walk to Noe Valley park (Tennis court, playground, basketball court, and grass area for picnic or walking your dog) * Less than 10 min walk to Douglass play ground , large park with playground section, dog section, tennis and basketball courts. * 20 min walk to the Mission Doloris park * 20 min walk/hike to twin peaks hike Near various gyms and recreation centers:  * Noe Valley Rec
- Safe neighborhood with excellent restaurants, bars, cafes, produce markets and supermarket within a 5-min walk.  - Short walk to the Noe Valley central, Mission, Bernal Heights, Castro and Glen Park. - Dolores Park is a 20min walk or 5min train ride.  - Street parking is relatively easy depending on the day.   There is no residential parking sticker required, so you can park all day.  Watch out for street cleaning signs (usually once every 2-wks, days vary with the street).
2 blocks away you find 24th street, there is coffee shops, stores, bakeries, super market, hair and nail salons. 5 blocks away you find Valencia street and there is pubs, bars, restaurants, clubs, stores, coffee shops. Dolores park is 2 blocks away.
464 is smack dab between Castro and Noe Valley. According to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) it's a 5min walk the nearest coffee shop. The Castro is the heart of SF gay culture - more dogs than kids. Noe Valley is the heart of hip family culture - more kids than dogs (but could be debated).
A 15 min walk in one direction brings you to homey Noe Valley; in the other, the vibrant Castro.  20 mins and you're in Dolores Park, gateway to the Mission.  A host of restaurants, cafes, and eclectic shops along the way in all direction.  Closer to home are the renowned Steward Street slides and Douglass Street stairs, as well as Kite Hill, with its killer view of the city and bay.
Almost dead center in the City so everything is relatively close.  Having a Safeway, Walgreens and Post office 1/2 block away is very very convenient.  
As a delightfully sunny neighborhood in the midst of a city so often shrouded in fog, Noe Valley attracts a laid-back crowd looking to score fresh vegetables at its farmer’s market or sip on a full-bodied glass of red wine. Cafes and boutiques line this convivial neighborhood’s tidy main street, making it a bustling daytime destination for moms and their tots, dogs and their owners, and couples strolling hand in hand. Guests have walking access to nightlife of Mission district but are able to retire to quiet area when the revelry is over.
Beautiful Victorians and plenty of boutique stores. Multitude of shops and eateries abound the happening Valencia Corridor and colorful Mission District.  While the hood offers a mellow village feel the location still offers an easy walk to the Mission, the Valencia Corridor, 24th Street,The Castro a few hills away.  One of the sunniest areas of SF.
Beautiful surround Twin Peaks and Bernal Heights. Walking distance to the culturally rich Mission District. Four parks within a half mile including Mission Dolores within a mile. Countless bars, pubs and restaurants for dining and enjoying a night out.
Centrally located in Noe Valley just 2 blocks from the 24th Street neighborhood shopping district that includes a wide variety of boutiques, retail shops, restaurants/bars and coffee shops. This is the sunniest neighborhood in San Francisco. One of my favorite things about Noe Valley is the People's Park on 24th Street and the cute boutiques and cafes.
Centrally located in Noe Valley, with a WalkScore of 91, you are steps away from the cafes and shops on 24th Street.  Walking distance to exciting, vibrant Castro and Mission neighborhoods. Spend the afternoon hanging out at nearby Dolores Park or eating one of the latest food trends in the Valencia Corridor.  Here for work?  Shuttles to major tech and bio-tech companies are likely to be near.
Centrally located in the middle of SF.  Near Noe Valley, Castro, Dolores Park, and the Mission. Muni one block away.
Centrally located smack in the middle of San Francisco, Noe Valley is a quick 20 minute bus ride to anywhere in the City from downtown to Golden Gate Park.   The neighborhood is filled with excellent 5 star rated restaurants, unique pubs and coffee shops and is walking distance to the Mission and Castro.  Saturday mornings there's a eclectic farmers market with incredible food and baked goods and live local music. Try the Noe Valley Bakery for freshly baked goods. Phils Coffee is the best in the City and Contigo, Saru Sushi, Little Chihaua, Fresca and La Ciccia and its sister restaurant La Nebbia are 5 star top rated restaurants. The Caskhouse serves homemade beer...I can go on.
Charming and safe neighborhood central to anywhere in the city.  Twenty minute bus ride to all tourist sites and the buses run all night to this neighborhood. 24th Street is the neighborhoods main street with lots of great 4 star restaurants, cafes, clothing boutiques, a Whole Foods organic grocery and artisan shops. The neighborhood is very colorful, filled with classic painted victorians and a diverse population. Noe Valley is one of San Francisco's most popular neighborhoods bordering the Castro and the Mission.  Great walks, parks, views, weather....can't find a better neighborhood.
Charming, safe, and clean area of San Francisco, with many boutiques and restaurants close by. 
Conveniently located in the Heart of Noe Valley neighborhood on 28th Street within blocks of Upper Noe Valley restaurants and shops. A short walk to trendy 24th Street. Noe Valley is a very family friendly neighborhood. It's residential city living but close enough to downtown (20 min muni ride) and close to the Mission where there are lots of restaurant options.  
Couldn't ask for a better neighborhood in San Francisco. Safe, great weather, easy parking. Zip car rental, gas, everything you could possibly need within 2 blocks.
Diamond Heights is like a little suburbia overlooking San Francisco but only minutes away from your nearest landmark sites. There is a shopping strip within short walking distance.
Do you love the energy of the city but also the idea of resting your head in a quiet, peaceful neighborhood with a garden escape? Then you've found the right place. Not only is this condo walking distance from great Noe Valley restaurants and shops,  minutes from the Mission and other great neighborhoods like Cole Valley, Castro and the Haight. Also, it's easy to get in and out of the city from the condo as both 101 and 280 are very close by.
Enjoy a local San Francisco experience in this Noe Valley space located on the border of the Bernal Heights and Glen Park neighborhoods. We are on the J MUNI subway line (20 to 40 minutes to the "touristy" SF) and near plenty of local, top-rated restaurants, bars and coffee shops. The neighborhood is friendly with an organic corner grocery and a great coffee shop only half a block away!  Nearby: La Ciccia, La Nebia, great local Thai, Sushi and Hunan restaurants, the Front Porch, Rock Bar, Royal Cuckoo, Noeteca, Incanto, lots of coffee shops, more... 
Enticing location, a couple of blocks away from the 24th St.'s hip shops, restaurants, whole foods, banks and post office.
Family friendly, walking distance to all the hippest areas that SF has to offer. Quaint and quiet at night, even though you're in the middle of the city.
Family neighborhood with great local coffee shops and great restaurants and Wholefood within one block. Walking distance to Mission and Valenci neighborhoods.
Family-friendly neighborhood but close enough to all the action of the Castro and Mission District. A terrific park for little kids is just across the street - toddler-sized playground, plus big flat areas for riding bikes or kicking balls. A bigger park, with bigger play structure, is a couple blocks up the hill - both parks have tennis and basketball courts. Walk down 24th Street one block to the start of wonderful Noe Valley, chock-full of family-friendly restaurants, shops, a Whole Foods supermarket, and more. 
Geographically, Noe Valley really does feel like a little town. The hillsides of Diamond Heights and Twin Peaks make a picturesque backdrop, day or night, for the straight rows of businesses along 24th Street. It's a domestic dream village, where Jim Dear and Darling from Disney's Lady and the Tramp would live. The row houses in Noe Valley were built beginning in the late 1800s through the early 1900s, and were meant for working class families who couldn't afford to live in the more upscale areas of the city.
Get out of the tourist traps and immerse yourself in a wonderful San Francisco neighborhood, while still close enough to public transit that will get you anywhere in the city! One of the most quaint and sunny parts of sf year round!
Given how quiet and peaceful my home is, it's hard to imagine my house is in the exact center of San Francisco, just a five minute walk in either direction to the commercial centers of Noe Valley and the Castro with scores of great restaurants, cafés and boutiques - and G bus stop! I doubt there is cuisine you can imagine which you cannot find within walking distance from our house. There is Italian, tapas, sushi, Thai, burritos, Indian, burgers, Chinese, Peruvian and scores more nearby.  The Castro is also famous for it's truly independent theater with rare festivals and its grand Wurlitzer organ played before screenings. There are several parks within a few blocks, most of which include children's playgrounds. The Seward Slides are 5 minutes away.
Given how quiet and peaceful my home is, it's hard to imagine my house is in the exact center of San Francisco, just a five minute walk in either director to the commercial centers of Noe Valley and the Castro with scores of great restaurants, cafés and boutiques. I doubt there is cuisine you can imagine which you cannot find within walking distance from my house. There is Italian, tapas, sushi, Thai, burritos, Indian, burgers, Chinese, Peruvian and scores more nearby.  The Castro is also famous for it's truly independent theater with rare festivals and it's grand Wurlitzer organ played before screenings.  
Great location and accessible to everything, including restaurants, bars, cafes, grocery market-delis, gym, public transport.
Half block from a bus stop (Muni) that'll take you all over the city, including the subway (Bart) station. So: stay here and you'll have fairly easy access to every neighborhood San Francisco has to offer. Walking distance to: -awesome restaurants (have plenty to recommend) -great bars (wine bars, loud bars, cocktail bars, dive bars, you name it) -a few clubs and places to dance -Dolores Park
Historic LGBTQ neighborhood with incredible walking score of 99 and amenities just steps away from the front door. View in loft reminds you of your favorite european city!
I love its vibrancy. We have families,  techies, dogs, wonderful grocery store (Whole Foods), restaurants, boutiques and also Dolores Park close by.  Farmers market on Saturdays.  Great convenience to get anywhere.  
I love taking my daily walk in Noe Valley. I think my guests should enjoy San Francisco at an affordable price.
I love the family feel of the neighborhood. We now also have many tech residents seeing as we are the perfect location for access to freeways to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Apple, etc. We have everything, including large organic grocery store (Whole Foods), restaurants, bars, boutiques, etc.  Busy downtown large department stores at Union Square are just about 15 minutes tram ride away.
I love this neighborhood because it's located in the heart of San Francisco near Market and 24th Street restaurants, shops designer boutiques, parks, entertainment and public transportation.
In recent years, Noe Valley has become one of the most desirable neighborhoods in San Francisco - its sunny, 'neighborhoody' feel, great shopping and restaurants, its proximity to the Mission and Castro Districts and Dolores Park and its early access to the Peninsula's main arteries make it a top choice for visitors and those staying for business. 
In the heart of Noe Valley. Walk to 24th St. for shopping, groceries (Whole Foods) and a restaurants. Also walkable to Mission District.
It is absolutely true that if it is nice in San Francisco, it is beautiful in my back yard. I enjoy a walk to Mission Dolores Park every day. There are three distinct neighborhoods within a few blocks, for you to explore boutique shopping and many of the city's finest restaurants.
Lively and urbane, the Castro features many fine bars, dance clubs, cafes, an historic movie house built in 1922, ethnic restaurants, yoga and fitness studios, unique shops, book stores, boutiques and a full range of personal services. The world famous intersection of 18th and Castro Streets is only 2 blocks away, but the house's setting is quiet and relaxed. Nearby is the Valencia District at Valencia and 18th Street, the scene for San Francisco's tech-hipsters. This rapidly evolving neighborhood has many exciting cafes, restaurants, bars, gourmet food shops and boutiques. One block beyond Valencia is Mission Street, center of the colorful Mission District.
Local Cuisine Just stones throw away from 24th street and the Castro where a wide variety of award winning restaurants are located.
Located close to Dolores Park, adjacent to Mission, Noe Valley and Castro neighborhoods. There are many dining and shopping attractions within walking distance. Rich with both history and contemporary vitality, Mission Dolores and its sloping park are a communal backyard for multiple neighborhoods.  The section of 18th Street that crosses through is a little culinary mecca, with Delfina, Tartine and Bi-Rite (grocery and creamery) drawing crowds.
Located in Noe with post card view of valley at the door step. Noe Valley has a nice little town feel within San Fran with its famous 24th St and St Paul Church.
Located in a safe, Southern part of San Francisco, the best thing about Noe Valley is you can walk to anything you desire - restaurants, supermarkets, retail shopping, cafes, bookstores, playgrounds,  etc. On Saturdays there is a Farmer's Market with live music, prepared foods, and amazing produce from around California. Public transportation is easy to access. Like any large city, parking can be difficult at times. During daytime hours, there is usually spots available, but as it gets closer to 6pm, it becomes more difficult. Street parking is free (no meters) BUT there are certain streets that have a 2 hour time limit between 8am and 6pm M-F. There are no restrictions on the weekends and holidays. There are also street cleaning days that you have to be aware of. Read all street signs carefully.
Located in the absolutely best location of Noe Valley, this house is situated in an upscale, quiet and extremely beautiful neighborhood, just above Dolores Park. Walking distance to 24th street shops, the Castro district, and many restaurants, cafes and bars in the Mission/Valencia neighborhood. 
Located just south of the Castro and to the west of the Mission, Noe Valley has a small neighborhood feel in the heart of a big city. The building is on 24th St., between Castro and Noe St. There’s a Walgreens and a Whole Foods, each located a block from the building. Starbucks is across the street and Philz two blocks down, with plenty in between. In fact, Noe Valley has 26 bakeries, restaurants, and delicatessens that have earned a 4 or 5-star review on Yelp, which means you’ll never need to go far to grab a good bite. (Check out my Guidebook for my recommendations!)
Located on the west side of Noe Valley, our place feels like a sanctuary in the city. Our block has stunning views and is very peaceful. A few blocks away though, you'll find vibrancy, incredible dining, shopping and nightlife. Noe Valley is also one of the safest neighborhoods in SF. Below are a few of our Noe recommendations. We're also happy to make recommendations on other SF spots and beyond. Just ask! RESTAURANTS & COFFEE SHOPS. Philz Coffee: 4298 24th St. 5 min walk down the hill; left on Fountain, right on 24th; corner of Douglass & 24th. Delicious local coffee spot. Try the Mint Mojito Ice Coffee for something unique. Firefly: 4288 24th St. Just past Philz on 24th. One of our favorite restaurants in the city for a nice dinner. California cuisine with farm to table delights. Make reservations: ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) or OpenTable. Diamond Cafe: 751 Diamond St. One block past Philz on 24th & Diamond. Great cafe for a quick lunch / brunch or takeout.  Little Chihuahua: 4123 24th S
Lots of great cafes, including my favorite coffee spot: Luv a Java.
Lovely hangout and entertainment spots abound within a few blocks either in the 24th st district in Noe Valley (between Castro St and Church St), and the Mission (especially Valencia St). I've populated my favorite and most frequented businesses on the map below.
My favorite neighborhood restaurants are Pomelo (around the corner on Church St.), La Ciccia for fancy Italian, La Nebbia for pizza and Cafe St. Jorge on Mission just south of 30th for breakfast/coffee shop. Bom Dia on 29th Street and Sanchez is great for wine & gourmet foods/coffee Church Street and 24th Street are the main neighborhood streets in Noe Valley and you will find most conveniences (drug store, Whole Foods & more restaurants) on 24th The Rec center across the street from the apartment has first come first serve tennis courts, some drop in classes including a boot camp for adults on Saturdays. Sanchez Street Pilates & Cardiotone also do drop ins. Billy Goat Hill is just around the corner on 30th. Turn right and walk up the hill a few blocks and you will see the steps going up the hill. Views of SF are worth the walk.
My neighborhood is called Noe Valley and it is known for its sunshine and quiet and safe atmosphere. It is a short walk from my house to the Mission District, which has some of the best restaurants in the city and much more nightlife.
My neighborhood is sunny and warm most of the times, even when it's cold in other areas. People always comment on how good the bed is and leave feeling like they have had a vacation, even when they came to work!  
NEIGHBORHOOD: NOE VALLEY The Suite is located on Clipper Street, only 2 blocks (5 minute walk) from fashionable 24th street, full of shops, bars, and restaurants, including a post office, convenience store, Whole Foods Market (grocery store) and a La Boulange for delicious French baked goods. Of course there are also trendy boutiques, gift stores, banks, and convenience stores for essentials. Stroll a few blocks further and you can enjoy the nightlife in the hip Mission district, or enjoy a day in the sun in Dolores Park. PARKING SITUATION
NEIGHBORHOOD: NOE VALLEY The Suite is located right off Clipper Street, only 2 blocks (5 minute walk) from fashionable 24th street, full of shops, bars, and restaurants, including a post office, convenience store, Whole Foods Market (grocery store) and a La Boulange for delicious French baked goods.  Of course there are also trendy boutiques, gift stores, banks, and convenience stores for essentials. Stroll a few blocks further and you can enjoy the nightlife in the hip Mission district, or enjoy a day in the sun in Dolores Park.
NEIGHBORHOOD: NOE VALLEY The Suite is located right off Clipper Street, only 2 blocks (5 minute walk) from fashionable 24th street, full of shops, bars, and restaurants, including a post office, convenience store, Whole Foods Market (grocery store) and a La Boulange for delicious French baked goods. Of course there are also trendy boutiques, gift stores, banks, and convenience stores for essentials. Stroll a few blocks further and you can enjoy the nightlife in the hip Mission district, or enjoy a day in the sun in Dolores Park.
Nest INN Noe Valley Centrally located in Noe Valley, one of San Francisco's most desired neighborhoods! This flat is just steps away to all public transportation which will take you to all of San Francisco's major tourist sites.  Walk down the North side of the hill to the gay Castro District or down the South side to Noe Valley's sunny 24th St neighborhood shopping district. 
Nestled in the heart of Noe Valley of San Francisco (Church & 24th), the “Garden View Suite” overlooks our charming garden and surrounding the attractive neighborhood. Noe Valley is also blessed as having one of the sunniest and warmest neighborhoods in the city – an important consideration here in San Francisco.  And Noe Valley is known for its up-scale desirability and charm -- boasting trendy restaurants, bakeries, wine & cheese shops, fashionable apparel boutiques, floral shops and public transportation.  Other rentals like to say they are located near Noe, but the “Garden View Suite” is right in the middle of it.
Nestled in the heart of Noe Valley of San Francisco, the apartment is uniquely perched overlooking the city and the bay, but without having to climb any hills to get to the house.  Noe Valley is also blessed as having one of the sunniest and warmest neighborhoods in the city – an important consideration here in San Francisco.  And Noe Valley is known for its up-scale desirability and charm -- boasting trendy restaurants, bakeries, wine & cheese shops, fashionable apparel boutiques, floral shops and public transportation.
Noe Valley (Noe rhymes with snowy) was once part of a 4,000-acre land grant called Rancho San Miguel, owned by one-time San Francisco mayor Jose de Jesus Noe (although at the time it wasn't called San Francisco, and his title wasn't mayor).  In the 1850s, John Horner bought a big piece of land from Noe and started subdividing it for sale, and this purchase included Noe Valley (which was originally called Horner's Addition).  The neighborhood really started gaining population in the late 19th century, and many of the houses in the neighborhood were built in this era.  This means that Noe Valley has some of the best-preserved Victorian houses in the city because the neighborhood was spared major damage in the 1906 earthquake and fire. Noe Valley is now a thriving residential neighborhood with two main commercial streets: 24th Street between Douglass and Dolores Streets and Church Street between 24th and 30th Streets.  There are both casual and fancy restaurants, plenty of shopping of all
Noe Valley and 24th Street are walking distance, with Whole Foods, coffee shops, restaurants.  Great restaurants walking distance away in the Mission on Valencia Street.   Dolores Park is two muni stops, or a 15 minute walk.  Super family friendly, great San Francisco feel.
Noe Valley has become one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in all of San Francisco (and maybe the country), and for very good reason. It is central, located close to freeways and public transportation. It has quaint tree-lined streets, and is full of fantastic cafés restaurants and shops.  My home is a quick 10 minute walk from vibrant 24th St. and a 15 to 20 minute walk from Dolores Park and the trendy and famous Mission district, home to some of the best Mexican food in the country. There are buses that leave a half block away from the house every 10 to 20 minutes that will take you anywhere you want to go in San Francisco. The Marina, Golden Gate Park, china town, or fisherman's wharf are all just a short drive or bus ride away.
Noe Valley has become one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in all of San Francisco, and for very good reason. It is central, located close to freeways and public transportation. It has quaint tree-lined streets, and is full of fantastic cafés restaurants and shops.  It is family oriented, but has plenty of local restaurants, bars, and cafes to keep anyone happy.
Noe Valley has everything you look for in a city neighborhood -- a thriving 24th St. commercial district with restaurants, bars, shopping, an excellent grocery and a weekly farmers' market (Saturday mornings).  Easy access to public transportation and taxis (use Flywheel or Uber) to get where you're going quickly. A quiet, safe, tree-filled neighborhood with a very fascinating mix of longtime San Franciscans and new arrivals from around the globe.
Noe Valley is a beautiful village in the middle of San Francisco. The Main Street of the village is 4 blocks away. Noe Valley is the NV of the city! With great coffee shops, restaurants (Saru Sushi has the best sushi in the city, Wholefoods, and other retailers, NV is selfcontained.  Twin Peaks (highest point in the city) is a short hike away (1.5 miles). It offers 360degree views of the city.
Noe Valley is a central residential neighborhood that's quiet but nestled amidst the hub bub of the city. It's the perfect place to come home to.
Noe Valley is a charming area with some of the best weather in SF! In the neighborhood you can walk to a variety of great restaurants, unique local shops and excellent grocery stores. We are walking distance from the Mission District, the Castro and Bernal Heights.
Noe Valley is a charming neighborhood with great restaurants and boutiques. 24th Street is the main attraction. While the apartment has a great view of the city, you can hike up the hill to Twin Peaks for an even better view!
Noe Valley is a cute little neighborhood with lots of places to eat and walk to.
Noe Valley is a fantastic neighborhood with beautiful Victorian homes and a vibrant atmosphere. There's a great shopping and dining area a few blocks from our house, and you're also very close to the hip Mission and Castro districts where you'll find many of the best restaurants and bars in the city.
Noe Valley is a favorite neighborhood among locals.  Centrally located, we are adjacent to the famous Castro and very hip Mission neighborhoods. Walk to dozens of shops, restaurants and night life. Check our guidebook for our favorites spots.
Noe Valley is a friendly, residential neighborhood, centrally located with some of the best weather in San Francisco.  It is centrally located with easy access to most parts of the city.  You are a short walk from 24th Street with its variety of shops, bakeries, Post Office, Whole Foods and great dining.  Also a short walk away (and visible from your deck) is Billy Goat Hill, a natural preserve with a trail that commands a great view of the city.
Noe Valley is a fun mixed neighborhood with lots of families, millennial tech. workers and long-time residents.  The Mission District is 6 blocks downhill from us.   The top of Twin Peaks is 25 blocks uphill....
Noe Valley is a great community, and small local shops and parks are a short stroll away. The neighborhood is beautiful to walk in and there are wonderful hidden city staircases close by as well as the very unusual Seward Street Slides — bring your own cardboard, or grab a box from Neighbor's Corner on the walk over. If you are looking for a great coffee or some gifts to bring home, you can spend a full day in the heart of Noe at 24th and Castro and enjoy every minute. More nightlife can be easily found in the Castro and the Mission nearby.
Noe Valley is a great little neighborhood.  We are walking distance to 24th street which boasts some great restaurants, pubs, coffee shops and even a Whole Foods.   It's a pretty hilly neighborhood so bring your walking shoes. Public transport is easily accessible and it's easy to walk to places if you don't mind climbing a hill or two:)
Noe Valley is a great neighborhood with easy access to the Mission, Castro, downtown (by MUNI or BART). Lots of beautiful and historic homes in the area and all around a quaint neighborhood with shops and restaurants at your disposal
Noe Valley is a great neighborhood, it's safe, walkable, lots of local artisan shops.
Noe Valley is a great residential neighborhood with a lot to offer. Set right on the tech bus route, yet very quiet, and with several great restaurants within one block, among which 'La Ciccia', one of the 100 best restaurants in the Bay Area, 'La Nebbia', 'The Front Porch', and 'Pizza Hacker'. Two blocks from the Mission District, with its own variety of restaurants and bars. Only 12 minutes to/from the airport.
Noe Valley is a highly desirable neighborhood in San Francisco. Easy access to public transportation. Parking is plentiful in the area. Several bus lines within walking distance.
Noe Valley is a lovely and picturesque neighborhood in the center of San Francisco.  It has become a highly sought after destination and is loved by many for its family friendly vibe, great food and coffee shops, sunny weather and laid back attitude.  Everything you could possibly need is within a few blocks of our home and we know you'll love being here as much as we do.
Noe Valley is a lovely residential neighborhood with local character and in walking distance to many other great San Francisco neighborhoods, including the Mission and Hayes Valley. Most of the activity in the neighborhood is on 24th street, a few blocks away from the apartment. There you’ll find restaurants, coffee shops, art galleries, shops and more. Here’s our list of some great spots and amenities nearby. Grocery  -Whole Foods Super Market on 24th -Farmer’s Market every Saturday on 24th from 9am-1pm Wine & Beer:  -Noe Valley Wine Merchants Bars: Caskhouse, 20 Spot Attractions nearby: -Dolores Park -Twin Peaks -Bernal Heights Restaurants: so many to choose from! 24th Street and Valencia are spotted with dozens, from fine dining to casual. Feel free to reach out if you’d like particular recommendations.
Noe Valley is a neighborhood located between the Castro and the Mission neighborhoods. Our house is in a charming residential pocket of the city, but is close walking distance to attractions. There are many people (not just us!) who think Chattanooga is the best street in SF, combining quiet residential charm with extraordinary access to the activities of the Mission and the Castro. A few blocks to the north is the famous Dolores Park, which has a giant brand new playground, and a vibrant social scene during the afternoons and weekends.  To the south is 24th street, which has terrific restaurants and cafes, a Whole Foods, and a family friendly vibe.  A few blocks east is Valencia Street, an artistic and cultural center with many hip stores and restaurants.
Noe Valley is a neighborhood with single-family homes, lots of Victorians, sophisticated boutiques for shopping, some of SF's best ice cream (Mitchell's!), high-end restaurants, but also any food style desired - Italian, Peruvian, Mexican, California fusion, Brats&Beer, you name it ...
Noe Valley is a primarily residential neighborhood, although there are two bustling commercial strips: the first along 24th Street, between Church Street and Diamond Street, and the second, less dense corridor along Church Street, between 24th Street and 30th Street. Ruth Asawa was a resident of Noe Valley from 1962 until her death in August of 2013. Carlos Santana graduated from James Lick Middle School on Noe Street in the early 1960s, as did Benjamin Bratt in the following decade. [Medea Benjamin also lives in the neighborhood. Famous residents include Scott Hutchins, Evan Williams and Mark Zuckerberg.
Noe Valley is a prime neighborhood in San Francisco.located between the Mission and Twin Peaks.
Noe Valley is a quiet family neighborhood above the Mission district and below Diamond Heights. We proudly boast the best weather in the city! It's outside the hustle bustle but close enough to walk to public transit. Only 15 min. to downtown.
Noe Valley is a quiet friendly, residential neighborhood and is a very easy walk to hip Valencia Street and the Mission culinary district as well as Noe Valley's 24th Street and Glen Park. Abundance of cafes, restaurants and bars, shopping within 4 blocks.
Noe Valley is a quiet, residential area with nice weather and lots of Victorian houses. Valencia Street, in the Mission District, with lots of great restaurants and more nightlife is close by.
Noe Valley is a small neighbourhood that borders both the Mission and the Castro. The castro bus picks up a few blocks away and it's about a 20 min walk to Castro and 18th but there are hills to cross:)
Noe Valley is a sun filled neighborhood located right in the middle of San Francisco. Noe Valley is quieter than the nearby Mission District and has excellent public transportation to explore the city.  Small shops and cute restaurants are within walking distance if you prefer to stick around the home.
Noe Valley is a sunny part of San Francisco with easy access to the highways down to Silicon Valley. This has made it very popular in recent years.  It is a quaint neighborhood with many families and dogs frequenting cafes, shops and a farmer's market just a few blocks away.  You can also easily walk to the Mission District which has hip restaurants bars and great boutiques.
Noe Valley is a sunny,  quiet and family oriented neighborhood nestled just over the hill from the Castro, with the Mission district close by too. There are several good restaurants and unique shops nearby on 24th St.  Public transportation is very convenient
Noe Valley is a walking family and friend centric neighborhood. We have access to great restaurants, a Saturday AM farmers market, Blue Bottle coffee on Sanchez, stairway steps that lead up into wilderness walks to hilltops. We can walk to the Valencia corridor for  chocolate at Dandelion, the Chapel for live music or Marsh Theater for improv theater. 
Noe Valley is a wonderful eclectic neighborhood, full of families and more recently tech workers.  We have many boutiques, grocery store (the organic Whole Foods store), bars and restaurants.  A farmers market runs every Saturday morning.
Noe Valley is a wonderful neighborhood, one of the only true villages in San Francisco with great restaurants and coffee shops as well as unique retail stores.  The flat is also very near the Mission District, which seems to be more vibrant on a daily basis.
Noe Valley is a wonderful secret of San Francisco neighborhoods.  The commercial district (24th St.) is loaded with restaurants, shops for kids and adults, book stores and so much more.  Dolores Park (also walkable ~10 blocks) is off the chain and a must see in good weather.  Also close by are the Mission district, with many good restaurants and culture.  Bernal Heights commercial district, Cortland Ave, is very close by as well.
Noe Valley is an awesome neighborhood. It's convenient to Mission, the Castro, Glen Park, the Peninsula by car or Caltrain, BART, and Mid Market. It's very family friendly, extremely clean, and street parking is free and usually pretty easy within 0-2 blocks of my unit (no temporary permit is required but you need to watch the posted signs for street sweeping day and other notices.)
Noe Valley is beautiful, charming, and very safe, with an easy walk (very few hills!) to parks, cafes, restaurants and the shopping district along Church Street, as well as the shopping/restaurant district along 24th street (a short stroll from the apartment).  
Noe Valley is by far one of the most charming districts in SF. It is peaceful and family orientated. The beautiful Glen Canyon is a wonderful natural area for hiking and jogging and dog walking. It is only 5 minutes away from the cottage.
Noe Valley is central to so many things. It is a real San Francisco neighborhood with cafes, shops, restaurants, recreation and the all important access to transportation.
Noe Valley is centrally located and one of the most popular neighborhoods in San Francisco.  Our house is a fifteen minute walk to The Castro  and Mission Districts.  We are 4 blocks from Philz Coffee and 24th Street - a shopping mecca filled with upscale restaurants, home-decor boutiques, and chic clothing shops.
Noe Valley is centrally located with wonderful restaurants, shopping and great activities.  Quick access to the peninsula.
Noe Valley is famous for it's sunny disposition - literally and figuratively. The people are warm and friendly and it's central location makes it ideal for traveling to other popular spots in the city.
Noe Valley is in the geographic center of the city, between Diamond Heights and Twin Peaks on the west and the Mission District on the East. Noe Valley has many good restaurants and shops on Church and 24th street. Mission Street area and the Castro are both a moderate walk away and offers a variety of restaurants, bars, shops, and interesting walks. We are probably 10 minutes from the Opera house and symphony hall and the Civic Center by car or take the J-Church streetcar.
Noe Valley is known for its cute, local feel.  Very clean and safe. 24th Street (2 blocks away) has lots of cafes, shops, Whole Foods, laundry, etc. Nothing you can't get to in a few minutes walk!
Noe Valley is located just over the hill from 3 of San Francisco's most popular neighborhoods the Mission, Castro, and Haight-Ashbury. It’s close to public transportation and guests staying longer than 5 days get complimentary Fast-Passes to make getting around easy.
Noe Valley is my favorite neighborhood in San Francisco, and I would love to share it with you! There is truly a sense of community here - most people like to say hello passing by, and don't be surprised if you make a new friend or two :) The area is peaceful but not at all boring; check out 24th and Church for amazing brunch, bustling pubs, and boutique shopping.
Noe Valley is often referred to as an “urban village” and truly that’s how it feels. It’s safe and walkable with lots to see and do. Visitors from all over the US and the world, neighbors young and old, kids, babies and dogs (on leash!) stroll the streets. There are parks, bakeries, a wonderful book store, coffee shops, restaurants, bars and boutiques just steps away. By venturing just a bit further you can find yourself in the Castro or the vibrant Mission District - both great for more exploration. It's the perfect place to stay and experience San Francisco like a native.
Noe Valley is one of SF's most charming neighborhoods, absolutely teeming with shops, boutiques, cafes, and restaurants.  All within easy and safe walking distance from the house. Though we do get summer fog, we are in one of the sunnier neighborhoods of the city - quiet and bursting with flowers everywhere.
Noe Valley is one of San Francisco's best villages. Each neighborhood has a bit of it's own charm, but Noe Valley has sunshine, great parking, small businesses, children and families that have been here for generations. It's safe and  people look out for each other.
Noe Valley is one of San Francisco's most desirable and safe neighborhood. It is filled with a mix of Edwardian and Victorian houses. It is a wonderful, lively place. We recommend hanging out at the Saturday morning farmer's market on 24th street. Locals are friendly, approachable and laid back.
Noe Valley is one of San Francisco's most desirable neighborhoods.  We have everything here - good restaurants, boutique stores, cafes, food market, bars, etc.  We are situated in one of the warmer parts of the city (San Francisco is known for its varying weather depending on where in the city you live).
Noe Valley is one of San Francisco's most friendly, luxurious and expensive neighborhoods. It is very high end with beautiful architecture, great schools, shops, restaurants and is located close to anywhere within the city or beyond. It is a very safe, quiet and mature neighborhood with easy free car parking.
Noe Valley is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco.  It has great access to downtown and also great access to the southbay. 
Noe Valley is one of the most desirable neighborhood in San Francisco, due to its noticeably sunnier and pleasant weather (protected by the highest hill in San Francisco - Twin Peaks). While it is extremely accessible/walkable to San Francisco's "fun" neighborhoods such as Mission and Castro, Noe Valley itself is extremely tranquil and family friendly. A perfect neighborhood to retreat and call home after a long day of work, sight seeing or traveling. 24th Street is the main shopping area in Noe Valley, which is 2 blocks from the cottage. The street provides access to bistros, restaurants, Wholefoods supermarket, wine and cheese stores, post office, banks, Walgreens and an all-year round Saturday Farmer's market.
Noe Valley is one of the most desirable neighborhoods in SF with a small town feel, centrally located with a few short muni stops to downtown.  Lots of restaurants and markets within walking distance. Close to popular 24th Street retail shops.  We border the Castro, Glen Park, Mission and Bernal Height's neighborhoods, with quick access to the 101 and 280 freeways.
Noe Valley is one of the most desired neighborhoods in San Francisco.  With shopping and dining on 24th street, farmers market, Whole Foods.
Noe Valley is one of the most desired neighborhoods to live in San Francisco.
Noe Valley is one of the most sought after neighborhoods in SF because it is quiet and safe, but close to everything. The 24th Street shopping area is charming with nice shops, restaurants and a few local bars. But it is super close to the Castro and Mission areas for more lively restaurants and nightlife. Muni stops 1/2 block away and by car, it is very easy access to Hwy 80/101 for the airport, Silicon Valley and the Bay Bridge. (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)/Work Transit buses stop near the house to make a commute a breeze. Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach are a quick jaunt.
Noe Valley is one of the most sought after residential neighborhoods in San Francisco. Centrally-located, safe and family-friendly, it is known for its' good weather, beautiful housing stock, and a commercial strip packed with fun shops, restaurants, grocery store, etc.        
Noe Valley is one of the premier neighborhoods in San Francisco.  Known for its sunny climate and spectacular views, it is home to diverse families, professionals of all ages, and pioneers (folks who were in Noe Valley before all the changes). It is conveniently located near other great neighborhoods (Mission, Eureka Valley, Bernal Heights, Glen Park).  24th Street is the emerging home to fine restaurants, shops, and business services.
Noe Valley is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in the city.  We are just over the hill to the Castro and a 10 minute walk to the Mission.  Noe is a quaint family friendly neighborhood with all the necessities and charm you would want or need!
Noe Valley is one the San Francisco's most loved neighborhoods. It boasts the sunniest micro-climate in the city - when it's foggy everywhere else, it's sunny in Noe Valley! Perfectly located, you have easy access to the popular Mission District, the views of Diamond heights and the historic Castro district. Not to mention easy transit to downtown and Union Square, as well as a short drive to the beach. The apartment is one block away from the 24th street strip of shopping, dining and entertainment, including: a 24 Hour Fitness Lite gym, Whole Foods, Farmers Market (on Saturdays), pharmacy, plenty of amazing restaurants, tons of shopping and a couple local watering holes.
Noe Valley is perfectly situated to be both a launching pad to all of SF and the Bay Area (multiple Muni lines within blocks, easy freeway access in all directions), as well as  a stay-close-to-home neighborhood where pretty much everything you could possibly need is within a 5 block walk. From Whole Foods to corner burrito to upscale dining to the neighborhood dive bar - it's all close by.
Noe Valley is probably the most charming neighbourhood in the city. One block from our home is 24th St., the main corridor with little boutiques, restaurants for all tastes, a Whole Foods, and a few great coffee shops.  You'll be 5 minutes from the Mission, 15 to downtown, with quick access to the highway if you want to go down to the Valley.
Noe Valley is quaint, charming, sunny (even in the summer) with lots of dog owners and the corner is known as "gourmet gulch" with Japanese, Thai, Sicilian, Indian, Americana, Chinese, and Italian restaurants a block away. Close to parks like Dolores Park and Glen Park. Mitchell's ice cream is a renowned SF favorite local spot, as is Emmy's Spaghetti Shack, The Front Porch, and Blue Plate.  You are a 10 minute walk to the Mission district with bars and eateries.
Noe Valley is quiet and beautiful. I am a few short blocks from adorable shops and wonderful restaurants.
Noe Valley is the best neighborhood in San Francisco. It's quiet and cute. Boutique shopping and great restaurants are two blocks away. The J Train can take you anywhere in the city, one block away. Walkable also to the Mission and Dolores Park.  All that and it's a quiet refuge from downtown. 
Noe Valley is the cutest neighborhood in the city-- but then, we're biased! It is very family friendly and quiet, yet full of fun finds. Whether you're into food, shopping, or entertainment, you'll find it in Noe Valley. You can walk two blocks to Church Street and find a number of restaurants, coffee shops, and shops. Or head up to 24th Street, the heart of Noe Valley and a 10 minute walk away, for more restaurants (including my favorite sushi place in the city), shops, and bars. The weather in Noe Valley is typically warmer and sunnier than other San Francisco neighborhoods. We are walking distance to Glen Canyon, a large urban park that is truly a hidden gem.
Noe Valley is the quintessential San Francisco neighborhood. Lots of Edwardian homes nestled around small shops and cafe's on 24th street. 
Noe Valley is truly a remarkable neighborhood. Many independent, locally owned stores and outstanding restaurants, lots of personality, charming cafes, good parks for kids, a Whole Foods grocery store within easy walking distance. Enjoy our vibrant local farmer's market on Saturday mornings.  We feel completely safe walking around the neighborhood any time of day or night. It's a really special part of San Francisco. Come see why Noe Valley has been voted Most Desirable Neighborhood in San Francisco. 
Noe Valley is very walkable (if you are not afraid of the hills). It’s a mostly residential neighborhood and is one with a distinctive family oriented character. Anywhere you go around neighborhood you'll experience breathtaking SF views and unique architecture. Overall a quiet neighborhood, although you can be in the Mission or Castro within a 15 minute walk.  Tons of good restaurants and coffee shops within walking distance on 24th street.
Noe is has a quiet feel compared to some of the more busy parts of San Francisco.  However, because of local architecture and  it's location, which is walking distance to the Mission and Noe Valley shopping corridors, you never doubt you are in San Francisco.   There are plenty of fantastic restaurants in the neighborhood, including Al's Place which was voted best new restaurant in the country last year.
Noe valley is a charming neighborhood with a combination of new young families and long time San Francisco residents.  Their are puppies and strollers galore in this safe and quiet community.  Their are lots of nice restaurants, bars and shops to walk to/ visit on Noe's 24th St.'s commercial district.
Noe valley is tucked in between the Mission, Castro, Twin Peaks and Glen park neighborhoods - all of which have a ton to offer. Noe valley itself is delightful. And everything is walkable. On 24th street Charlie's corner is a magical reading space for children; restaurants abound, as do children's playgrounds. As we are close the the Mission - Valencia street is where to go for the diversity of San Francisco cuisine.
Not that long ago, Noe Valley was considered San Francisco's lesbian neighborhood.  With its quiet, tree-lined streets, beautiful homes, hillside views, and convenient access to Silicon Valley, it has become a highly-coveted family/professionals neighborhood. Noe Valley is indeed great for families and one of the safest neighborhoods in the Bay Area.  It's very female-friendly and there are no shortage of mom's or nannies taking their baby's for a stroll in the sun, or couples on dates in our neighborhood.   For San Francisco locals, Noe Valley is unique in San Francisco because: 1. there's usually better parking than other areas of the city 2. it remains sunny here (due to the valley) while it may be foggy everywhere else 3. it is within a short walk of both hip neighborhoods of the Mission and the Castro. For us, the 24th Street shops are especially cute.  I enjoy having the high quality Whole Foods grocery store, several bakeries (and a bagel store), and the best sushi restaurant in
One of San Francisco's trendiest and most sought after neighborhood.   Many excellent American and International restaurants, local stores for shopping, Whole Foods all within walking distance.
One of the sunniest and warmest neighborhoods in the city, we're both a half block off 24th street, where all the restaurants and bars in the neighborhood are and right off Castro street, a short walk from the lively neighborhood of the same name.
One of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco, Noe valley is picturesque, charming, safe, bustling, family friendly, and has just about everything you might need from bookstores, bars, restaurants, cafes, retails shops, whole foods etc.
Our area is known for being very "neighborhoody" - lots of small restaurants & shops and in many cases, the shopkeepers recognize the locals. It is friendly, low-key and most importantly, usually sunny! We also love that we are close to great stuff in the Mission & Castro, but come home to the peace & quiet of Noe Valley.
Our home straddles Noe Valley and the Mission--- you get the best of both! There are lots of great restaurants and bars within walking distance. Dolores Park is a ten minute walk. The neighborhood is residential and safe. We will give you plenty of recommendations of things to do!
Our house is exactly between Noe Valley and the Mission - so you get the best of both worlds!  Noe Valley is the best neighborhood in San Francisco, central to everything, very kid/family friendly, beautiful, safe and clean. Two blocks away is 24th Street - a wonderful shopping street with friendly local stores and restaurants - perfect for a stroll anytime of day or night, brunch or quick shopping sojourn. The well stocked Whole Foods Market is perfect for buying groceries or prepared delicious organic food you can bring home.  Pro-tip: There is a Farmers Market on Saturday mornings across from Martha Bros coffee shop. A must visit if you can to catch the local scene.  The Mission is quite the opposite - a dynamic, vibrant and ever evolving part of San Francisco shaped by new immigrants into the city. It is full of restaurants, bars and clubs of every nature, fitting every budget. From the most delicious burrito you have ever had (Taqueria Cancun - our favorite joint) for $7 to legend
Our house is located near a vibrant area of Noe Valley.  Within blocks of our house there is an award winning restaurant, a butcher, a produce store, and a newly renovated children’s playground.   A few blocks away, the main 24th St. shopping district, are restaurants, shops, bars, grocery stores and a Farmer’s Market on Saturdays.  
Our house is right at the intersection of charming Noe Valley and the funky, fun Mission District.  
Our little corner of Noe Valley has a ton of great restaurants and coffee shops. The main center of Noe Valley, with even more restaurants, shops, and a whole foods, is a short walk away. The Mission and Bernal Heights are also within walking distance.
Our neighborhood is charming, safe, and quiet. Noe Valley's nickname is Stroller Valley because of all of the families that live here.  24th Street is nearby with restaurants and shops.  The Mission and Castro neighborhoods are also nearby.
Our neighborhood is quite charming, safe and has some of the best weather in San Francisco. It is also very convenient for retail shopping, eating, coffee houses, newsstand as well as convenient stores such as Walgreens and Whole Foods and a post office within just 2-5 blocks from the cottage. 
Our neighborhood is the hottest one in San Francisco, being a few blocks away from the Mission (best restaurants in SF), the Castro (famous gay neighborhood, also with excellent restaurants) and Noe Valley (best neighborhood for families - the farmer's market has a band playing children's songs on saturdays). We live at the epicenter of these three neighborhoods. Two blocks away is the famous Dolores Park, where everyone hip comes to hang out for the weekend - the hippies, the yoga acrobats, the hipsters, etc. It also has the best, newly renovated children's park and public tennis courts. On weekends, bands and acrobats come to perform near the playground, and the atmosphere is festive and friendly.
Our neighborhood is unique and diverse like the city we live in. Noe Valley/Glen Park have amazing streets to walk with hidden stairways, numerous parks, narrow alleys with charming homes and cottages. You'll find a wonderful variety of restaurants, bars, coffee houses, music venues and the best ice cream shop in the whole wide world!
Plenty of great restaurants and cafes to choose from within walking distance. As well as a Safeway supermarket, neighborhood produce market and convenience store within blocks of the apartment.
Quaint, charming and safe neighborhood. Walkable to Philz coffee shop, parks, shops, restaurants, and also near the Castro and the Mission. Beautiful views of the entire city less than a mile away at Twin Peaks--the best views of the city!
SF's neighborhoods are defined by the city's complex topography. Our house sits in a saddle on the ridge between two valleys, Noe Valley and Eureka Valley, sheltered from the fog by Twin Peaks, which lies immediately to our west.  Noe Valley is historically a working class, Irish and Italian neighborhood, built mainly in the 1890s-1920s, with its commercial center along 24th St. Today, it is increasingly becoming commuter suburb of Silicon Valley investors and programmers, including (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)'s Mark Zuckerberg, who lives in a much fancier house along our same ridge. Noe exemplifies the tensions between Old and New San Francisco, with shops unchanged since the early 20th century, adjacent to purveyors of the latest trends. Seeing few tourists, it's a great place to explore the complexities of historic and modern SF. Eureka Valley's heart is the Castro. The same qualities that made the Castro the Center of the Gay Universe in the 1970s-1990s -- its safety, fun, defensib
Safe neigbouhood and has plenty of restaurants Public transit access is super easy 24 Hours coffee shop at the corner Whole foods is 2 blocks away/Grocery store is around the corner Dolores park is 4 blocks
Safe, popular, & upscale neighborhood, short walk to all conveniences.  Central location in the city makes getting around quick & easy
Safe, quiet, within walking distance to some great restaurants, family friendly, easy accessibility. (5-minute walk) to public transportation!
Safest neighborhood in the city. 24rth st has big shopping and restaurants Dolores Park  Mission area for Bars & restaurants Land's end Mitchell's Ice Cream shop[U'd die for the icecream with Mango & Hot Fudge toppings] We'll take u!!
Second floor walk up
Short walk to 24th street (center of Noe Valley) or Mission district which have many restaurants, shops and parks to enjoy.
Situated right on 25th st, one block from the 24th st Noe Valley downtown, this wonderful room set in a 3-bedroom 3-story apartment features walking access to nearly everything you can imagine! Whole Foods, Boutique shops, yummy food, and excellent bars are all within a couple minute walk. Noe Valley is situated right next to the famous San Francisco Mission district and is only a quick 5-10 minute walk away. There you can enjoy traditional hispanic food, lively nightlife, and of course the world famous Dolores park.
Stunning views of downtown and Bay, quiet tree-lined private street. An oasis of calm in center of City.  high on hill above trendy Noe Valley with superb 24th st. shops, cafes, wine bar, etc.........GRIDDLE FRESH is a wonderful breakfast and lunch spot. Great food and service . A tad pricy but so worth it.!
Such an awesome location. Noe Valley is the sunniest part of SF, as safe as it gets, and although it is extremely quiet with a very friendly neighborhood feel, you are still a short walk away from the hustle and city life of the Mission district and downtown Noe Valley (24th street).
Sunny SF location in a residential neighborhood, convenient to many popular restaurants & tourist attractions (close to both Mission & Castro districts). Close to parks & freeway access. Steps away from locally owned coffee shop & grocery stores. This area is well served by SF's various public transport options.
Sunny neighborhood with amazing views, lots of restaurants and shops and easy access to public transportation. Next to Noe Valley, Castro and Mission neighborhoods. 
The 24th street is half a block away and has tone of shops, shops and couple of bars included sport bars. There is a Walgreen store on 24th and Castro, four blocs down. Bank of America and WellsFargo are located on 24th street, between Castro and Noe. There is a WholeFood store between Noe and Sanchez.
The Castro is a fun, vibrant, and safe neighborhood. MUNI is 3 blocks away, Dolores park is 4 blocks away. The Castro is in the center of the city so great starting point for your San Francisco adventures.
The Neighborhood Noe Valley is a very unique, sunny and family friendly neighborhood with great weather. Noe survived the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire thanks to the “golden fire plug” that keep working where the water system elsewhere failed. Historic Victorians, Edwardians, sprinkled with new modern homes and mash-ups of both are characteristic in the neighborhood – an architecture lovers walking neighborhood. Many local restaurants, cafes, boutiques, and Walgreens and Whole Foods are 3 blocks away along 24th Street. Close to the Mission District’s exciting restaurants, cafes, and urban culture. Noe Valley retains a mixed age demographic and is very popular with techies who work in media, software, and internet due to quick access in and out of the city to head south to Silicon Valley. Other Local Neighborhoods The Mission (10 min. walkable downhill and bus back), Mission Dolores (7 min walkable), Cole Valley & Haight is over the hill 5 minutes drive, NOPA and Divsadero (5 m
The Noe Valley neighborhood is both family friendly and fun for singles.  There are numerous restaurants and cafes within a few blocks from the house, including specialty shops and boutiques.
The Noe Valley neighborhood is one of the most desired San Francisco neighborhoods in the city.  It tends to be sunnier than the rest of San Francisco.  It is 2 blocks away from 24th St. which has great, bars restaurants and shopping.  Noe Valley borders the Mission district to the east and Castro to the northwest.  You are minutes away from both those unique neighborhoods.
The cleanest and most beautiful part of San Francisco, Noe Valley! Happy to offer food recommendations upon booking.
The corner market...and great neighborhood restaurants a few blocks away...the playground and park one block away.
The flat is near to 24th street in Noe Valley, Valencia Corridor, the Mission District, Dolores Park, and more. Great restaurants, cafes, and parks are all around.
The house is in the southern part of Noe Valley close to the very popular La Nebbia and La Ciccia restaurants. It's a 7 minute walk to 24th - Noe's main street, but is also a quick walk to the Mission and the great shops and restaurants on Valencia street.
The house is located on the corner of two quiet, residential streets very near the local Noe Valley business district. Starbucks coffee, numerous restaurants and Whole Foods market are within two blocks. A bakery, newsstand, pharmacy, cheese shop, post office, chocolatier and library are all similarly close, among other neighborhood resources. Several parks are also nearby, including Dolores Park with its spectacular downtown views and kids playground. Both BART and MUNI public transportation systems are within walking distance. Noe Valley is a popular neighborhood with a distinctly suburban feel. It has a mix of old and new residential properties where people from many diverse backgrounds live together. Noe Valley also has a charming business district where a wide variety of restaurants and shops can be found. These areas are surrounded by various parks that help make Noe Valley among the greener neighborhoods in San Francisco. This combination of lovely residential properties, wonder
The neighborhood includes countless cafes, grocery stores, and restaurants. It is within blocks of a weekly farmer's market on saturday mornings as well as many stores to shop in. Just a little ways away, are the Castro and the Mission districts which feature everything from food to night life.
The property is located in the center of Noe Valley.  24th Street is a 10-minute (flat) walk away.  There, you’ll find shops, restaurants, banks, a gym, a post office, a Starbucks, and a Whole Foods market.  There are two restaurants just one block away—Eric’s (Chinese) and Kama Sushi.
There are plenty of shops and cafés just a few blocks away. We're also next to the popular Mission District. Noe Valley is one of the warmer and sunnier spots in San Francisco. When the weather allows, people flock to Dolores Park which is only a 15 minute walk from our place.
This apartment is in a perfect location in the heart of Noe Valley!   This is a very friendly and safe neighborhood.  It is super quiet, yet everything you need is at walking distance including a wine shop, local butcher, cute coffee shops, and some great restaurants in San Francisco- Firefly, La Ciccia and Contigo that are less than a 5 minute walk.
This condo is located in the sunny and flat part of Noe Valley bordering the Mission and considered the commuters corridor. Restaurants, grocery stores, bakeries, parks, and nightlife are within a block (Noeteca, Blue Plate, Pizza Hacker, Ichi Sushi, La Ciccia). Whole Foods is 10 min away and Safeway is 2 min walk. Oh yes, the legendary Mitchell's ice cream is around the corner.
This home is at the intersection of three vibrant neighborhoods - Noe Valley, the Mission, and Bernal Heights.  You can easily walk to dozens of wonderful shops, restaurants, bars, parks, yoga studios, hair and nail salons, bookstores, grocery stores, muni, and BART.  Our neighborhood favorites include The Bar on Dolores for watching sports, Martha and Brothers for coffee, Chloe's Cafe and Toast for breakfast, Regent Thai and Eric's Chinese for lunch, Contigo and Blue Plate for dinner, Damia Hair Salon, Noe Valley Nails, YogaTree Valencia, Noe Valley Recreation Center playground, Folio Books, Whole Foods, and Church Street Produce.
This home is located on Dolores Street, an old and beautiful wide street with palm trees all along its middle. Noe Valley is a clean, quiet and family-oriented neighborhood that is close to main highways and public transit. Dolores street is famous for its Dolores Park, and the beautiful Victorian houses throughout the street.  This neighborhood is very close (10 min walk) to the cosy and unique shops on 24th street but also close to the liveliness of the Mission district.  There are 3-4 coffee shops within a 5 min walk and several places to eat or have a glass of wine. Grocery stores and laundry shops are walking distance.
This is a fabulous, diverse residential neighborhood between Noe Valley, the Mission, and Bernal Heights. The apartment is located at the intersection of everything you could need or want, including Muni lines, the BART, grocery store, top rated restaurants, dive bars, cheap ethnic eateries, and a laundromat.
This is a great corner of Noe Valley, right across the street from the Upper Noe Recreation Center (great for families and young kids), and just a block and a half from the shops and restaurants on Church Street.  It's also within walking distance of 24th Street in Noe Valley, as well as Bernal Heights and the Mission.
This is a lovely neighborhood, pretty old houses, sweet gardens, lovely parks and playgrounds.  There are several local hubs of shops, restaurants, coffee stores and transport all close, within walking distance.
This is a safe, usually sunny neighborhood which houses the city's professionals and new parents. It's pet and child friendly, and there are lots of great parks and areas to walk around.  This is a quiet residential neighborhood yet close to restaurants, shops and public transportation. Guests are expected to respect the quiet and refrain from loud music or gatherings on premises.
This is one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco! Close to Mission and Castro and easy to get elsewhere. Noe Valley is super safe and has lots of great shops and restaurants. There's a whole foods about 2 blocks away for your grocery needs, along with smaller markets in the neighborhood.  Overall it's quiet at night, so it's easy to go to sleep when you want to! There are bars in Noe 1 block away on 24th street but if you want to go to some of the more popular spots in Mission it's just a 10minute walk down the hill. Or 5-10 minute bus ride. It really is a well connected, highly coveted area of San Francisco. Not to mention the views!
This is such a great neighborhood.  It is close to the Castro, Noe Valley and the Mission, but also a nice place to come home to with great views of the City.  Easy access to public transportation and centrally located.
This lovely condo is located near four great neighborhoods, Noe Valley, Mission Dolores, Mission and Castro, all within walking distance.  You have the luxury of some of the best shops & restaurants in SF just blocks away without all the noise and congestion of the busy urban/commercial districts.  In addition to all that, it is always sunny! This place has a walk score of 95 with a Whole Foods, Safeway and Walgreen's just blocks away.  The lively restaurants and unique businesses of the Mission are only two blocks up the street.  You can also walk to Dolores Park and the cute boutiques of Noe Valley.  Parking is easy I usually park on the street right next to the front door.  Even when I get home late (after 9 or 10 pm) I can find parking within a block of home.        The entire place was remodeled a few years back so it provides a lovely blend of Victorian charm with modern touches.  There are hardwood floors throughout the condo,  stainless steel appliances and granite counter tops
This residential neighborhood is calm, quiet and peaceful — uphill from the bustle of the city. - 10-minute walk to 24th St., the heart of Noe Valley. Restaurants, cafes, Whole Foods, bookstores, clothing stores, bars, banks, etc. - 10-minute walk to 18th St., the heart of the Castro. Restaurants, bars, cafes, Castro Theatre, 24 hour gym, drug stores, glorious gay pride. - 10-minute walk to Market Street, where you can take the underground all the way downtown to the Ferry Building! - Buses run frequently, just a half-block from the house.
Tucked in a private, quite corner in the premium neighborhood Noe Valley, our home is close to stores, restaurants, cafes, dry cleaners, shops,  and parks on the vibrant 24th Street as well as in Castro, the Mission, Bernal Heights, Glen Park; but also has fast easy access to the buses/Muni/BART and highway 101/280 that take you to San Francisco Downtown, Ballpark,  and other neighborhoods, north bay (Marin), south bay (Silicon Valley), easy bay (Oakland/Berkley).
Very hip Noe Valley. Walk 3-4 blocks too all the bars and restaurants and shops! Large garage for your car/rental car.
Walkable to the Castro and Noe valley. Whole foods, great restaurants.
Walking distance to 24th Street with Whole Foods, restaurants and more, or the Castro.
Walking distance to restaurants, supermarket & drugstore.  Ample free parking.  3 dogs parks within 1/4 mile.  Amazing view.
Walking distance to the Castro and public transportations (5 blocks)
We are a couple of blocks from Valencia St and all the restaurants, coffee shops, bars and beautiful, quirky stores. We are around the corner from the Noe Valley 24th St shops with a Walgreens, Whole Foods and many cafes and boutiques.
We are a short walk away from both Noe Valley and Castro. Check out https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/noe-valley and https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/the-castro to read more about these historic San Francisco neighborhoods.
We are in Noe Valley, a block away from the J-Church Muni streetcar and easy access to other forms of public transportation.   Just 1.5 blocks away is a newly renovated public park that features a fabulous children's playground, outdoor tennis and basketball courts, a baseball/general play grass field, and a new rec center with an indoor gym. We are one block from a large grocery store and a block and a half from a produce market. We are easy walking distance to a variety of restaurants at a full range of price points. For example, within a three block radius you can walk to restaurants featuring Thai, Chinese, Italian, Indian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Pacific/California-Asian fusion, Japanese, and American diner cuisine as well as no fewer than five fabulous and diverse cafés, all with terrific coffee and café fare. Last but not least, you can walk to or take the train to the popular 24th Street shopping area in Noe Valley, which has a fun farmer's market every Saturday. The walk take
We are just a few blocks away from 24th Street, downtown of Noe Valley where you can find trendy restaurants, cafes, bakeries, wine and cheese shops, fashionable boutiques, and a Whole Foods supermarket and Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings.  Across the street from our place is one of the best butcher shop/meat market in San Francisco and there are plenty wonderful upscale and casual restaurants within walking distance from the cottage.
We are just a few blocks away from lovely 24th street, where you can find a Whole Food, restaurants, cafes and shopping.  Local secret:  Perhaps the best espresso in the city is pulled at Spin City laundry less than a block from our house!
We are just a few blocks up from the hustle and bustle of 24th Street, Noe Valley.  There are several wonderful restaurants, cafes and bars in the area + lots of boutique shopping.  It is a wonderful safe, family oriented neighborhood with parks and street markets throughout.
We are located on the border between the famous Castro District and Noe Valley, a neighborhood of upscale boutiques and eclectic restaurants.  A little further away, but still walkable, are the Lower Haight and the Mission.
We are on the south-west end of Noe Valley, a charming, safe family-oriented neighborhood on the sunny side of the city. The average demographic in the neighborhood is a couple in the mid 30s with young children. There are a handful of good restaurants little more than a block away (Pomelo, La Ciccia). The main thoroughfare of Noe Valley is 24th street, a serene, uplifting street lined with tons of restaurants, coffee shops, stores, a large Whole Foods and more. Very nearby and directly up the hill is the Diamond Heights Safeway, for any one-off needs. 24th street is a common destination for neighborhood residents for a stroll with their dogs and family on any afternoon or weekend with nice weather, which is fortunately almost all the time! Those looking for a more exciting nightlife experience are near the Mission neighborhood, walkable or a 5 min car ride away.
We are within walking distance to the Mission, Noe Valley, Castro neighborhood shops and restaurants including Whole Foods, Tartine Bakery, Bi-Rite Creamery and Delphina Pizza! 
We feel so fortunate to own a home in San Francisco - and, in particular, this home on charming Elizabeth Street in Noe Valley. We moved into it in 2014. The home was originally built in 1910. It has been thoroughly remodeled (a few times) over the years. It now has all the modern creature comforts, but retains incredible character and charm - just like the neighborhood. Noe Valley has it all, every type of restaurants, delightful coffee shops, delicious bakeries, kids playgrounds, stylish boutiques, a Whole Foods Market, great shopping, farmer's markets on the weekend, street fairs, and most importantly - a village feel in an sophisticated urban environment. It's centrally located and therefore convenient to nearly every other neighborhood in the City. The historic Castro District and the super hip Mission District are particularly close.
We have lived here for 17 years, we love everything, the weather (the sun shines here when all around SF can be foggy) It's like living in a donut hole.  Walking in the neighborhoods of Mission (murals), a picnic in Dolores park/beach.  The variety mouthwatering restaurants and cafés.  Bars and live music are bountiful.  10 mins to Union Square on the J Muni line a block away.
We live in a cozy family friendly neighborhood. It is quiet and safe. Just below Diamond Heights and above the Mission district, we're nestled in quiet and sunny Noe Valley!
We live in a great part of San Francisco.  The air is fresh, the people are friendly and we're close to great dining and neighborhood shopping. 24th Street in "downtown" Noe Valley is one of the most delightful neighborhoods in San Francisco. It's like being in a small town in the midst of a big city.
We live in a wonderful neighborhood, which still has a 'neighborhood feel' at a time when the rest of the city is changing rapidly. Our home is located at the cusp of two amazing neighborhoods, picturesque Upper Noe Valley and the historic Castro district. We live within walking distance (10-15 minutes) of 24th Street (the heart of Noe Valley), filled with lovely cafes, restaurants, boutiques, Walgreens, the post office, and Whole Foods Market. We are also within walking distance (10-15 minutes) of the Castro district, as the house is situated on the hill above the Castro. We are fairly close (a short drive) to the historic Mission district as well as Twin Peaks. And, there's a lovely café right around the corner for coffee/tea and artisan treats!
We're conveniently nestled between the Mission, Castro, and Noe Valley. Dolores Park is only a few blocks away. The shops and restaurants on Valencia Street are a 10min walk as are the clubs and bars of Castro Street. The neighborhood is quiet and peaceful.
We're right on the border of Mission and Noe Valley--you're only a short walk away from the hipness of Valencia Street or the quaintness of 24th Street. Dolores Street itself is clean, quiet, and scenic--a great place to retreat after spending a day out and about. My favorite neighborhood--"La Lengua" on Mission Street below Cesar Chavez Street--is a 5 minute walk away and has some of the best restaurants and most laid-back bars in town.
What we love most about our neighborhood is that it is centrally located to all that San Francisco has to offer while also offering a retreat from the busy city.  We are close to a variety of interesting shops, restaurants, and grocery stores and a ten minute walk to the culture and nightlife of the Mission district. For those who love nature, Glen Canyon, home to many native plants and animals, is a few blocks aways from the cottage.
What's great about Noe Valley will speak for itself your first day out. It's incredibly peaceful, yet close to everything popular in the city. You are a 15 minute drive from virtually everything.
What's not to love?
When looking for a home, I couldn't decide whether I wanted the lively Castro or the picturesque Noe Valley neighborhood.  I lucked out and found a house that sits on Liberty Hill on Castro Street about 5 blocks up from  the centers of both of these charming and vibrant neighborhoods.  Both offer great restaurants, bars and cafes as well as fun window shopping and handy health food stores, banks and post offices, etc. There are markets 2 blocks either direction for late night snacks, beer and wine.
Within 2 1/2 blocks - walking distance you have Glenn Park Canyon available for hiking. Stoll down to 24th street where there's shops, cafes, wine bar, and restaurants. Come and enjoy this beautiful city and bring at least one wind breaker or sweater. Weather is mild but can have wind from fog.
Within five blocks there are: 4 bakeries/bagel shops 3 coffee shops 2 wine shops 1 grocery store ...and a ton of restaurants, shops and a cheesemonger! Take a longer walk to the Mission or the Castro (provided you don't mind the hill!) or hop on the J train heading downtown. 
You are in a very safe and desirable neighborhood. Walking distance (4 blocks) to great restaurants, bars, and shopping on 24th and Castro, close to the Castro, Mission, and Valencia districts.
noe valley is centrally located with the mission, glen park, the castro, diamond heights, bernal heights neighborhoods within a short walk...everything is within walking distance:  cafes, restaurants, produce market, public transportation.
• Great location in Upper Noe Valley, very quiet and safe, easy parking • Walking Distance to restaurants, shops and groceries (there is a grocery shop 2 blocks away but you can also walk to Whole foods on 24th street in 15 min)  • Close to the Mission with trendy restaurants and bars