- Ocean Beach 2 blocks away with excellent surf breaks - Bike and running paths 2 blocks away  - Walking distance to Golden Gate Park, Sutro Heights, and Lands Ends for hiking, bike paths, playgrounds, museums, lakes and ball fields - Walking distance to Balboa corridor with restaurants, cafes, banks, markets, and Balboa Theatre - 1 block to La Playa corridor with Safeway market, gym, cafe, local produce market, and deli
-Very quiet, family area -10 minutes walk to the Ocean Beach and Sutro Baths -10 minutes walk to Land's End hiking area -5 minutes walk to the Golden Gate Park -Great location next to plenty of amenities: mini market, dry cleaning services, ladies saloon, massage center, yoga center, cinema, several restaurants all next to the building. So many local favourites! -Cassava is an amassing breakfast local hangout, 2 minutes walk from my place. Make sure you reserve a table in the weekends as their brunch is very popular. -Marla's Bakery is another beautiful cafe with great pastries and an outdoors patio area - 2 mins walk.  -Shanghai House has been voted as a hidden gem; their sesame chicken is to die for. Remember me when you order it! - across my building. -Kim Som Vietnamese is always packed - 2 mins walk. -Java beach cafe is another hidden local hangout. This one is a bit far but if you are up for a great walk, what I usually do is walk down the ocean strip and end up at the beach cafe
5 minute walk to the most beautiful beach in San Francisco (Baker Beach) and minutes to the Presidio, Lands End, Golden Gate Park, Golden Gate Bridge, Lincoln Park, The Legion of Honor, Chrissy Field, Sausalito, Marin Headlands, and on and on and on. Also very easy to get to Marin and the wine country - I would especially recommend a drive into Marin, which is 5 minutes away. Clement street 2 blocks away has any type of restaurant you would need, Geary has any type of food you would need.
Access to the city of San  f
Amazing sunsets, beach walks, golden gate park or lands end are all nearby.
Aside from being 20 minutes from Downtown, this peaceful neighborhood provides easy access to everything else that SF has to offer. If you're a golfer (Licoln Park 30 seconds walk), surfer (Ocean Beach 3 minute drive), biker (Marin Headlands in 20 minutes), art lover (Legion of Honor 5 minute walk), runner (Lands end trails from the door) or hiker (head north and it's endless)? This location offers everything in spectacular abundance.
EXCELLENT LOCATION FOR OUTSIDELANDS 2016!!!! The Fulton @ 36th Ave entrance is less than 10 minutes walk.
Easy to get all over SF from here.
Experience the real San Francisco and stay where the locals live. Whether you're visiting for business or pleasure, the Richmond District is the perfect location. This is a quiet, safe neighborhood which makes it great for families.  Parking can be tricky in San Francisco which makes my area a bit more desirable if you have a car.  It is further away from the main tourist attractions, but still accessible. You're just  a 15 minute walk to Baker Beach,  a 15 minute walk to Presidio, a 20 minute walk to Golden Gate Park and 12 blocks from  Lincoln Park Golf Course.  The Legion of Honor, The DeYoung Museum and Land's End (Coastal Trail that runs about six miles along the bluff above the sea boasting spectacular views) are also a 20 minute walk.   Your charming neighborhood coffee shop is just a few doors down and there are lots of great restaurants just  within a few blocks including the best wood fired pizza place in the city (in my opinion) and the best vietnamese crab restaurant (also 
For those who love the outdoors and good food, this is one of the best neighborhoods in the city. We're situated across from the Lincoln Park Golf Course and Playground and minutes from the Lands End hiking trails.  We're the closest neighborhood to the Golden Gate Bridge.  We're a 10 minute walk to Golden Gate Park and music festival venues.  Ocean Beach, China Beach, and Baker Beach are all nearby, as is The Presidio. Love food?  This neighborhood has some of the most diverse and reasonably priced cuisine in the entire city.  One of SF's best Burmese Restaurants is next door, and award winning dim sum is blocks away.  Thai, Chinese, Moroccan, Sushi and a bar and grill are all around the corner.   The Legion of Honor is up the street and the Academy of Sciences and DeYoung museums are a short drive away.  The Discovery museum across the Golden Gate Bridge is perfect for kids of all ages and is just a 15 minute drive.   You can be on the Golden Gate Bridge within 5 minutes and explore 
Golden Gate Park is 1/2 block away, with a little lake and a frisbee golf course, buffalo paddock (believe it or not!), and waterfall. 2 art museums in walking distance. Grocery store, drug store also close by.
Golden Gate Park, Baker Beach, China Beach, the Presidio and two excellent municipal golf course are within a 3-5 minute drive or a 10-20 minute walk.  Numerous fantastic and affordable dining options in walking distance - Indian, Mediterranean, American, Chinese, Japanese, Russian, Thai, Italian, Mexican, Vietnamese. 
Golden Gate Park, Ocean beach, New Chinatown, coffee shop and restaurant ...
Great beach neighborhood ! Take the Lands End trail to Legion of Honor museum. Bike to Calf Academy of Science Museum in GG Park. Take in the Ocean sunset 1 block down to Beach !
Great neighborhood with lots of shops and restaurants!
It is very quiet on our street and full of life just a few blocks away on Balboa! Within minutes you have access to the Balboa Theatre, a wide variety of restaurants, multiple spas, and several historical landmarks!
It is very quiet on our street and full of life just a few blocks away on Balboa! Within minutes you have access to the Balboa cinema, a wide variety of restaurants, multiple spas, and several historical landmarks!
It's an old school San Francisco neighborhood with lots of original charm. There is every kind of restaurant, the famous Tommy's Mexican yummies on Geary just around the block. There are tons of amazing dim sum places, noodle houses, old school coffee houses with home made muffins, one of the best diners in the city is just around the corner. If you want to take a yoga class, martial arts class, fencing, painting or get your nails done, it's all just a few blocks away. Golden Gate Park is just at the end of the block and you can jog along the trails, play disc golf or just go for a epic nature hike.  The best part is that it's not super crowded and it's a very affordable part of town for eating out and site seeing.
It's in two blocks from the ocean and one block from the park. It's safe and very beautiful neighborhood. Living here we feel like we're on the vacation))).
Lake Street is one of the prettiest streets in San Francisco. The street is a long, flat boulevard that runs along the Presidio so it is edged by wilderness along the entire length. It is a perfect neighborhood for kids as it is safe and easy to walk and filled the parks to play in. Close proximity to all the special sites in the city, including the Presidio, the Golden Gate Park and the beaches. There are shopping streets and many parks within a few blocks. It is close to all parts of the city and only a 2 minute drive to the Golden Gate bridge, making getting to Marin or Napa very easy and fast. Central location in Presidio within easy walking distance to all the best attractions in the City, including; The Golden Gate Park, where the two best SF museums are located (the De Young and the California Academy of Sciences) The Presidio , which has the California Palace of the Legion of Honor Museum, the famous Lands End walk along a six mile bluff trail overlooking the bay and beautiful 
Lands end, hot yoga, the beach and golden gate park!
Like not being in a City at all -Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach,Lands End all here . Salt air hits you when you step outside.Listen to the waves and fog horns at night . Lots of restaurants,cafes and a 24/7 grocery store is a block away!
Local restaurant favorites include Han Il Kwan (Korean), Sakuna Bune (Sushi boat), Kitaro (Japanese bento box and sushi rolls), Tommy's (Mexican), Hong Kong Lounge (Dim Sum), India Clay Oven (Indian), and Aziza (Moroccan).  GrubHub app for food delivery if you want to dine in.  Golden Gate Park has the DeYoung Museum, California Academy of Science, Stowe Lake Row and Pedal Boat Rentals, Japanese Tea Garden and Conservatory of Flowers.  Land's End has the Legion of Honor Museum, Sutro Baths, and various scenic coastal walking trails.
Located in San Francisco, Sutro Heights neighborhood.  The 38 bus line stops right outside my door and takes you directly to Union Square and the Financial district; Walk to the iconic Cliff House (4 venues in one) , Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, Land's End Lookout (a new visitor center and cafe), and if you want an escape from the city vibes--the scenic Coastal Trail along the ocean cliffs is one of the world's most beautiful places to  hike; Secret short cut (5 minute walk) to the Legion of Honor Museum and Lincoln Park Golf Course.  It is about a 4 - 10 block walk to plenty of restaurants and cafes, and the Balboa Theater (double features & classic movies!). Union Square is about 5 miles away (30 minutes by bus), although you will feel the soothing presence of the Pacific Ocean at my "city-burban" location.  Here you can enjoy nature, and still have easy access to all the action!
Located in outer richmond (west side of sf). Easy access to great highway, which you can take to super bowl with less traffic. Four blocks away from best beach in San Francisco (fire pits allowed, great for bbq and relaxing). Two blocks away from Golden Gate park (De Young Museum & lots of gardens)
Located in the Outer Richmond of San Francisco we are near Ocean Beach, the Cliff House and Golden Gate Park.  Balboa St is walking distance which a multitude of restaurants, bars and a theatre.
Located in the heart of the Richmond District on 21st ave and California, close to tons of great restaurants
Located in the heart of the sought after Lake Street district, our family friendly home is less than five minutes from Golden Gate Park, Baker Beach, Ocean Beach, the Presidio, the California Academy of Sciences,  and the GG Bridge.  There is a wonderful cafe,  high quality market and access to SF public transportation just one block away and the Clement Street corridor, home to wonderful restaurants, shops and a Sunday Farmer's Market is just two blocks away.   Located on a flat street that is ideal for long strolls, we are also minutes away from Mountain Lake Park (ideal for an afternoon with the children), the spectacular Land's End trail as well as the Presidio and Lincoln Park Golf Courses.  We are ten minutes from the Marina District and 15 minutes from downtown, the Embarcadero and Fisherman's Wharf.
Located in the quiet  Outer  Richmond District ,  a residential area in the city close to the  Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach and the Golden Gate Bridge.   For those who love outdoors and good food, you are in the right place for it.      We are situated across from the Lincoln Park Golf course and  walking distance to the Palace of Legion of Honor.   Just a few blocks from Ocean Beach, Sutro Baths and the Lands End hiking trails,  with amazing views of the Pacific Ocean and the Golden Gate Bridge.     Easy access to the Zoo,the airport (SFO) and Silicon Valley. Only  minutes away from  the Golden Gate Park where you can enjoy its lakes, falls, museums, gardens and other attractions. In just 5 minutes driving you can be on the Golden Gate Bridge and head  North to Sausalito, Marin Headlands, Muir Woods,Napa and Sonoma Valley. If you are driving or using public transportation, we are a block from Geary Boulevard, a street that runs from the Ocean Beach to the heart of downtown San Franci
Located walking distance from Presidio, Baker Beach, China Beach and Golden Gate Park. Bars, cafes, restaurants located throughout Geary & Clement, as well as several grocery stores.
My house is in the quite residential neighborhood, but it close to all tours attractions, shops, convenience stores, restaurants, bars, coffee shops and specialty stores..
Nature lover's paradise! Great location near the parks of San Francisco.  Ocean beach is blocks away with historical Sea Cliff restaurant, Land's End and Sutro Bath, a short 10 minutes walking distance.  Legion of Honor museum with public golf course is right next block.  Golden Gate park is a short 10 minutes walk south.
Near the coast with natural beauty and more relaxed environment. Walking distance to the Cliff House and Ocean Beach. Historical sites within walking distance. Numerous neighborhood restaurants are also within walking distance, or a very short bus ride.
Neighborhood has variety of restaurants, produce market, and coffee shops. Easy walk to west side of GG park and Ocean Beach. Very safe, kid and dog friendly!
One block away is Clement Street, home of many great ethnic restaurants - not touristy.  Also in the neighborhood are many families with pets, a sidewalk café, a great beach in the Presidio (our water is however too cold to swim in). A local movie theater.  Small food markets.  You can walk to GG park, rent a bike.  Going downtown is easy on Uber, taxi and two direct bus lines (one transfers to a cable car)
One of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco. Amazing restaurants, parks, ocean and bays walks in the Sunset.
Our apartment is located in the Outer Richmond, hidden gem of SF. The neighborhood is rich in diversity. It's also a great location and mere minutes away from some of San Francisco's most renowned landmarks. You'll never have trouble finding a great place to eat or go out when you stay here! There are dozens of great and renowned restaurants just blocks away! Getting around couldn't be easier! The 31 bus line, which runs right outside the apartment will take you directly downtown. Several other bus lines that take you across town are mere blocks away! If you're a golfer, you're in luck! We're bordered by both the 18 hole, Lincoln Golf Course and the 9 hole, Golden Gate Park Golf Course.
Our home is located in the historic Richmond District in San Francisco, on the northwest side of town.  This neighborhood is known for it excellent restaurants, and its easy access to Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach, de Young Museum, Legion of Honor, Lands End, Sutro Baths, and SF Zoo.
Our neighborhood is awesome! We live across from Golden Gate Park and blocks away from Ocean Beach. Balboa Street is within walking distance. It has a funky theater, cafes and lots of choices for places to eat. The Beach Chalet and Cliff House are a walk away for a cocktail or lunch/dinner with an ocean view. Did I mention the buffalo in the park? They are close by too!
Our neighborhood is great for walking. There are many restaurants , a movie theater, cafes and coffee shops nearby. Walking distance to the Legion of Honor Museum, the Cliff House and the Beach Chalet.
Our neighborhood is quiet, walkable and has a dedicated bike lane. Our home is 1 block from Golden Gate Park and walking distance to great restaurants and amenities on Balboa Street, including the Balboa Theatre, Cassava's, Marla Bakery, Purusha Yoga, and many others. Enjoy getting to know the "real" San Francisco!
Our neighborhood is the best of all worlds. While located a short walk --- just a 1/3 of a mile-- from the edge of the Continent, walk two blocks in the other direction and you have access to Clement St which is filled with wonderful restaurants and stores. Additionally, the  1 California (the best bus in the city!) stops  exactly one block from the house and will deliver you practically anywhere, and everywhere!; Chinatown, the Fillmore Shops, Japantown, Cable Car access, the Olympic Club (see our offer above) ,the Ferry Building etc...
Our neighborhood is wonderful. We are on a fairly quiet street, one block off from the cool part of Balboa Street. Balboa has several fantastic restaurants, including a famous dim sum place and a famous 'bubble drink" place, three awesome cafes, an ice cream place, an amazing antique store, and the historic Balboa Theater. We are a 5 minute drive to the beach and a 5 minute drive to Golden Gate Park. There are two parks with playgrounds within walking distance.
Our stretch of the Outer Richmond is a quiet little oasis in the western stretch of the city. We are far enough away from the city to be very quiet (can hear the ocean at night) but also we are very close (2 blocks) from a stretch of retail on Balboa Street that has a movie theater, numerous cafes, restaurants and markets.  We two blocks from Golden Gage Park, and just a few more to the famous Land's End park, Sutro Baths, and Ocean Beach.  A few minutes drive or short bus ride to the California Academy of Sciences, De Young Museum, or the SF Zoo.  Depending on the season, there is fantastic surfing on Ocean Beach.  Great biking and running all around our western section of the city.
Quiet neighborhood
Quiet neighborhood on the west side of San Francisco with wonderful access to nature and the beach, and it's own neighborhood hangouts. Simple Pleasures serves the best coffee and chai, Marla's bakery offers hearty breads, Pacific Cafe serves endless free wine while you wait for a table, Beach Chalet has the best sunset dining view, and the Balboa theater is one of the last independent movie theaters in the city, showing first run as well as classic movies; the Balboa's Popcorn Palace on Saturday mornings with older children's movies is fun for kids of all ages (I recently saw The Wizard of Oz). Not to mention excellent sushi and bubble tea. Come check it out!
Quiet safe residential district close to nature with Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach within walking distance.  Close to Balboa shops and restaurants. Local food store, Walgreens, and Safeway (food shopping) close by. Scenic walks from residence is to Ocean Beach, past the Cliff house to Land's End and China Beach.  Golden Gate Park is right across the street with Chain of Lakes pond near by and nice hour walk/scroll to Academy of Science or the DeYoung museum. Walk to Legion of Honor museum and Lincoln Golf Course or Golden Gate Park Golf Course.  Presidio is nearby with miles of walk/jog/run trials and a golf course of its own. Lots of events for locals and visitors alike.  Playground is one street up for children and adults. Day trips drive past Golden Gate Bridge to Marin Headlands, Muir Woods, Sausalito and Tiburon, Big Sur, Monterey Bay and its world-famous aquarium, Carmel-By-The-Sea, and Napa & Sonoma Valley's vineyards. Two car share companies rent by the hour or day reservati
Quiet, parking, close to beach and park. Beautiful area. Safe.
Quiet, safe neighborhood. 5-minute walk from the heart of Geary blvd., with some of the best restaurants in the city located within blocks of the residence. Walking distance to Golden Gate Park, where the De Young Museum, Academy of Sciences, Japanese Tea Garden, and many more attractions are located.  Free street parking available (no private parking). 
Restaurants: We are located in a mecca for a large variety of restaurants.  Our favorites, which are all within a 10 minute walk, include the reasonably-priced Bai Son (Thai), Mescolanza (Italian), Ton Kiang (Chinese/Dim Sum), Blufin Sushi, (unique Japanese/Sushi), La Vie Vietnamese Restaurant (Vietnamese-French) , John Cambell's Irish Bakery, (to-go Irish bakery), Gaspare's (family Italian joint), Tommy's (featuring the largest tequila selection on the West coast), Pizetta 211 (locally-sourced flatbread), Angelina's Cafe (breakfast/sandwiches), Gordo's Taqueria, (tacos and burritos), PPQ Dungeness Island (Vietnamese/CRAB!), Bill's Hamburger (best burger and malts in SF), Royal Ground Coffee (coffee shop).  It would really be hard to get bored of the food options around here, because there are so many.  We'd love to give advice after hearing what you're in the mood for. Nighttime Entertainment: 2 blocks away is the 4-star Movie Theater, which shows indie and blockbuster films Our favor
Safe and soothing neighborhood with variety of restaurants, cafes, banks and grocery stores in walking distance. Close to Golden Gate Park, Golden Gate Bridge, Baker Beach, North Beach, Legion of Honor, De Young Museum, California Academy of Science and Japan town. The most welcoming, convenient and peaceful neighborhood in SF ever!
Steps from Golden Gate Park, archery, golf, horseback riding, jogging and everything the park has to offer... in one direction, and the spectacular Pacific Ocean Beach in another. Surf, bike, hike, have a yoga class, all in one day, or just sit outside with a beverage and take in the tranquil ambiance. A large grocery store is 1 block away. The famous Cliff House, landmark of the neighborhood, perched over historic Sutro Baths offers striking ocean views with casual dining and great cocktails.
Surrounded by nature, with access to parks, hikes, bike trails, disc golf, surfing, and the ocean. It is a clean and quiet neighborhood with lots of great food options, cafe's, and bars. There is public transportation on the corner that runs 24 hours.
Sutro park. Balboa street theatre and restaurants. Geary bus
The Outer Richmond "Balboa Shopping District" is a newly designated and revived neighborhood in SF. When leaving the flat take a right onto Balboa Street and head toward the Ocean (West). In 10 minutes or less you will reach the mosaic gatepost that marks this area. Here you will find a couple of newer, hipper restaurants/bakeries/cafes, our own neighborhood theater, and a handful of interesting shops and other restaurants.  The flat is near 2 world class museums (the De Young and Legion of Honor) are within a healthy walking distance (20 minutes or so); also nearby are Ocean Beach, Sutro Park, Lands End, the Cliff House, Baker's beach, and lots more.   Golden Gate park is only two blocks away. You can get to Lands End in 10 minutes by bus + short walk; or walk the whole way to the start of the trail in 20 minutes! There's a newly renovated and fun playground 1 and 1/2 blocks away with a new tennis court too. Between Cabrillo and Fulton on 27th & 28th Avenues. We have some amazing chea
The Outer Richmond district is a nature lover's paradise. Stroll to Golden Gate Park & Ocean beach right across the street. Charming restaurants, cafes, bars, and shops are located just up the hill. Enjoy hiking Land's End & Sutro Park across the street. Visit historic Cliff House Restaurant and The Beach Chalet for infamous Sunday brunch.  Bus downtown in less than 40 minutes.
The Outer Richmond has many beautiful parks and places to explore while visiting. Lands End, Sutro Park, Sutro Baths and Golden Gate Park are all within walking distance!
The Outer Richmond is a fabulous quiet neighborhood that adjoins Golden Gate Park. Two blocks away is the historic Balboa Theatre along with a fabulous shopping street. No need for a car if you are staying here, you can easily get around by walking or by bus. It is very safe and very quiet, and just a few minutes walk or bus ride from Ocean Beach, Lands End, and other San Francisco landmarks.
The Outer Richmond is quickly becoming the hip new neighborhood of San Francisco. Your home is located just two blocks from Golden Gate Park which is filled with absolutely everything you can imagine: free concerts, archery ranges, entertainment pools, beautiful gardens, a bison paddock, polo field, duck ponds, and everything that you could possibly imagine! If the beach is more your scene, enjoy the five minute walk to Ocean Beach just four blocks away; a popular site among surfers and home to the famous "fleet week," you'll never know bliss like a long walk down the Pacific at sunset. There's also the Lands End National Park (also minutes away by foot) if you're seeking otherworldly hiking, several state of the art museums, as well as the legendary Sutro Baths.  In addition, our neighborhood boasts some of the most famous restaurants in San Francisco: the Cliff House and the Beach Chalet are renowned in the Bay Area. We are home to the best authentic Chinese food and trendy brunch sp
The Outer Richmond neighborhood is urban-serene, surrounded by parks and natural beauty.  We are one block from Golden Gate Park, and only a few blocks from Ocean Beach, Sutro Heights Park, and Lands End (Golden Gate National Recreation Area).   This area is filled with San Francisco history.  For the past 150 years, people have flocked to this area to visit the Cliff House, former Sutro Baths, and former Playland by the Sea.  There are many reminders of these past amusements, including an excellent Visitor's Center at Lands' End, trails that pass through the ruins of the Sutro Baths, and the newest version of the Cliff House with stunning views of the Pacific Ocean. We hope you will take some time to explore this fascinating and naturally beautiful area! Safeway is two blocks away for groceries.  There are several top quality Chinese restaurants within one block, and many good restaurants a few blocks away, including the historic Cliff House, Beach Chalet at Ocean Beach, and other nei
The Richmond District has some of the best food in San Francisco
The Richmond District is an excellent place to explore all of what San Francisco has to offer. Golden Gate Park is a short walk (2 blocks) with 2 museums, a 9-hole golf course, an arboretum, botanical gardens, a lake where you can rent a row-boat or peddle-boat, and even an American Buffalo paddock (bison). Or throw a frisbee, hit a tennis ball, go lawn bowling or ride a carousel. It's all at Golden Gate Park.
The Richmond District of San Francisco is a hidden gem of a neighborhood containing some of San Francisco's best kept secrets.  There's easy access to Golden Gate Park; the largest green space in San Francisco (socialize with Bison, try your hand at disc golf, check out the DeYoung and Academy of Science museums, generally get lost in the wilderness). Very close proximity to a huge array of food and drink options as well as several local coffee shops and grocery stores.  Walkscore is 91, so you can do most everything on foot. Marin county, the headlands and Sausalito are a short drive or scenic bike ride away via the Golden Gate Bridge. The Richmond is known for occasionally foggy weather, so we recommend you bring layers as the temperatures across the city can vary by as much as 20 degrees and conditions are known to change rapidly.
The Richmond District remains one of the few parts of San Francisco that big commercial development, hipsters and tech hype haven’t completely usurped. It has the advantage of being off the standard tourist route and feels genuinely neighborhood “ San Franciscan” while at the same time, offering a melange of eating, drinking and shopping opportunities across the cultural and economic spectrum, including small and large ethnic restaurants of every origin and price range,  Irish pubs, wine bars, old time dives with pool tables, dive bars, and dining overlooking the ocean or under Michelin stars. Literally dozens and dozens of restaurants, grocery stores, produce markets of numerous ethnicities, natural foods stores, supermarkets, movie theatres, manicure and spa/beauty treatments galore, dry cleaners, hardware stores, wine and beer shops, cafes, dive bars, and consignment stores are within walking distance. At the same time, with the Pacific Ocean at one end and bordered on other sides b
The Richmond and, on the other side of the park, the Sunset district, have been San Francisco's best kept secret for years, until recently.  Lots of nice cafes and restaurants nearby, and very family friendly.
The Richmond is a suburban gem in San Francisco. Safe and clean as can be with easy (flat) walking and biking to every variety of restaurant imaginable (famous dim sum, sushi Italian, French, Burmese, Mediterranean) and neighborhood amenities, shops, cafes, etc.  And if you love the outdoors everything is at your doorstep - Golden Gate Park is one block away (museums, restaurants, bike and boat rentals, and a million things to do), the Ocean Beach (surfing!) and Cliff House a lovely 20 minute walk, and hikes or quick drives to Lincoln Park (Palace of the Legion of Honor, golf) the Presidio (Disney Museum, Chrissy Field) and everything north and south. Popular sights easily reached via frequent #5, 3, and 38 buses or tour bus pick ups in Golden Gate Park.  A walk in the park, hiking, watching the sun set and a cozy meal at a neighborhood place are a great way to end a day of bustle.
The Richmond is a wonderful neighbor, close to the natural beauty of the Pacific Ocean and Golden Gate Park where you will find, in addition to miles of trails and hiking paths, an art museum and science museum; an arboretum and botanical garden. Nearby is Lincoln Park with a golf course and art museum and some of the most breath-taking views imaginable. Only 1/2 block away is Balboa St, the commercial spine of the neighborhood with ethnic restaurants and upscale eateries, cafes and bars, green grocers and one of the very few surviving movie theaters that shows first run films just 3 blocks away. The famed Cliff House which sits right on the ocean and is the perfect place to enjoy a drink and watch the sun set over the Pacific Ocean is a short walk away, as is the Beach Chalet, another ocean-side eatery, this one decorated with WPA murals. Nearby is a large supermarket for all your shopping needs.
The Richmond/Seacliff neighborhood is one of the safest and quietest in the city (away from the dense and frankly, seedy, elements closer to downtown). Traditionally this neighborhood was largely European (Russian)...today it's one of the most diverse in the city, with a range of Asian and other restaurants and shops (including the Clement Street district, which is sometimes called "New Chinatown"-- catered to locals though, not like the ultra-tourisy Chinatown). I'm just a block away from the swanky Seacliff 'hood (where Sharon Stone and Robin Williams were long-time residents). 
The Sutros Park, Lands End and Clift house Restaurant are within 5 minute of the house.  
The apartment has easy access to other parts of San Francisco, and is 1/2 block from Golden Gate Park, several blocks from the ocean, and close to the Golden Gate Bridge (and access to the redwoods at Muir Woods). We are one block from a great selection of restaurants, a movie theater, several cafes, a laundrymat, small grocery, neighborhood bar, a playground, and a few blocks from the library.  We live in a quiet neighborhood, and therefore don't allow parties.
The beautiful beach ,Golden Gate Park , San francisco Zoo  Sutro baths .  The most beautiful sunsets in the world
The diversity is great. It doesn't take long to get downtown, and yet you are a 25 minute walk from Baker Beach, Ocean Beach, and the north part of Land's End. Golf course on the other side of the block and Golden Gate park is four blocks away
The food is the best thing about the Richmond. We have food from everywhere in the world here. The restaurants are casual for the most part and are very affordable. Golden Gate Park is 1/2 block from the house. This is the largest park in the city and has so many wonderful things to do and see. We are only about 10 blocks to Baker Beach, 3-6 blocks to lots of restaurants and grocery stores there are even two movie theaters walking distance from the house.
The house is close to Ocean Beach, Land's End, hiking trails, the Sutro Baths, and you can easily walk along the beach all the way to the zoo.   Walk to Golden Gate Park, the Legion of Honor, two golf courses, the Balboa movie theater, cafes and restaurants, or take the bus to the Haight.
The natural beauty of San Francisco reveals itself when you are here. We are located blocks from the Pacific Ocean, Golden Gate Park and Land's End. Countless bike and walking trails are right here Just one block away is a commercial street filled with ethnic restaurants, green grocers and one of the last remaining theaters showing first run movies. The well known tourist areas, like Pier 39, Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, etc. are accessible by public bus. There are 3 routes within 2 blocks of the flat, two of which are rapid / express routes. Hop on a bus to enjoy the tourist areas and then return home and relax in a lovely, safe neighborhood.
The neighbor hood is a calm quit area, walking distance to the beach, park, restaurants & public transportation. In law has a private entrance, as well as backyard entrance and space.
The neighborhood has everything you'd expect in a city environment within walking distance. The Walk Score on is 90 which that website calls a "walkers paradise". There are two amazing bakeries, tasty Chinese/Vietnamese/Mexican ethnic restaurants and a couple gourmet only-in-San Francisco foodie hot spots.  Within three blocks there are more than five coffee cafes all with their own distinct character. Some even serve beer at night. We have a two theater movie theater, Balboa Theater, that plays first run movies as well as kid favorites and classics. Totally renovated with digital projectors.
The neighborhood is great!! The Golden Gate Park is across the street with the De Young Museum and the Academy of Sciences the Rose Garden and amazing trails.  The beach is short 10 min walk and is great to see and talk a romantic walk. The Golden Gate Bridge is about a 30 min walk or take Uber for about 5.00. Union Square and all the other busy areas of the city are 3 miles away. Also a quick Uber ride for about 6.00. So go shopping at union square take the trolly to North Beach and Fishermans Wharf and then come relax back in your own quiet space. There are plenty of Restaurants in the area 4 on Geary blvd a short 4 block walk. Or order in from Eat 24. com
The neighborhood is in the Richmond district of San Francisco. It's two blocks away from Golden Gate Park, a 5 minute bus ride to Ocean Beach, and a 20 minute walk to Baker Beach by Golden Gate Park. You're close by to some of the city's greatest restaurants and authentic cuisine. I'ts a very neighborhoody neighborhood!
The neighborhood: Richmond/SeaCliff  The Richmond/Seacliff neighborhood has world-class recreation, You are within walking distance of 3 fantastic beaches, Ocean beach, China beach or Baker beach. Golden Gate Park is only 5 blocks from the apartment. You also have a municipal golf course, Lincoln Park Golf , it is a short 6 blocks from the apartment. The Richmond retains a neighborhood feel along its main shopping streets.  You can find Mexican, Russian, French and Italian restaurants with ease, not to mention a plethora of establishments serving food from every corner of Asia. "Like the Outer Richmond itself, Geary calms down considerably after 25th Avenue as it meanders off into the fog and ultimately ends at the Pacific Ocean."  Sea Cliff is dominated by Spanish architecture homes perched on the cliffs east of Golden Gate Bridge. Certainly one of the most desirable and picturesque residential areas in the U.S. Success exudes itself from any of houses, stars and theatrical types such
There is an abundance of restaurants and cafes are located within a 10 block radius. To the west there is the famous Cliff House Restaurant and a large Safeway Supermarket bordering the beach just a few blocks away.  To the east is a vibrant neighborhood community littered with diverse stores, restaurants, cafes, and banks. To the north, is a Walgreen's store and the nearby 38 bus line which heads to downtown San Francisco. Just across the street there is an excellent Chinese restaurant and the 18 bus line to the Legion of Honor Museum.  Only 2 blocks south is the largest park in the city, Golden Gate Park. Here you can enjoy hiking, museum browsing, and many other activities. Overall this is a very tranquil neighborhood with accessible transportation to anywhere else in the city.
This a very mellow and quiet suburb. Shops, restaurants, and a movie theater are all nearby. 
This home is located in very upscale sophisticated neighborhood. It is very quite and peaceful neighborhood without homeless or downtown area crime. The neighborhood has many great restaurants, small movie theaters, playgrounds, Lincoln and Presidio parks, China and Bakers Beach, places to hike Lands End Trail, tennis and Lincoln golf courts, Legion of Honors museums and shopping.
This is a beautiful, quiet neighborhood nestled two blocks from the Pacific Ocean.  Just peak outside your window. There are great walks to parks, landmark trials, easy stroll to the beach, restaurants, public transportation to downtown. This is great respite for surfers, extremely apt for kite surfing.
This is a great location for accessing the beauty of San Francisco. We are 1.5 blocks from Golden Gate Park. The Legion of Honor, De Young, Academy of Sciences, Presidio and Ocean Beach are all easily accessible.
This location is so central.  Just walk out the door and you have your pick of any cuisine -- Italian, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Indian, Mexican or Burgers.  
This neighborhood has an amazing density and diversity of cultural restaurant offerings. You have several different choices for every type of Asian cuisine imaginable from Sushi/Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, Taiwanese, Indian, Russian and many others. There are also Greek, Italian, Middle Eastern. Honestly I have only had the chance to sample a tiny fraction of these yet and I live here! There is a nice local Irish pub called Blarney Stone nearby and a few other bars and clubs on Geary. It is only 6.5 miles to Sausalito across the Golden Gate bridge, perfect for an afternoon bike ride.
This neighborhood has long term homeowners who take pride in ownership. Friendly but private neighbors will make your stay comfortable.
This neighborhood lies in the northwest corner of San Francisco, and is sandwiched between Presidio and Golden Gate Park. It is a safe, vibrant neighborhood with excellent restaurants and easy access to nature and museums.
VERY NEARBY PLACES TO EAT (THAT WE ADORE!) Pizetta 211 (our neighbor!) Angelina’s Deli-Café  (A 30 second walk from the flat, and one of the best cafes on the planet!) 4-Star Theatre (Independent cinema at the end of our block) 6001 Market (A great local market just a block away) Gordo’s (Best burritos, great value!) Tommy’s (Best margarita and authentic Yucatan food — very fun, and often completely packed — and just 2 blocks away) Ton Kiang (Great Chinese food and Dim Sum) Kitaro (Great sushi and Japanese food — and great value!) Rumble Fish Sushi (Awesome Japanese restaurant — across the street) BEACHES Baker Beach China Beach Marshall's Beach California Coastal Trail Ocean Beach – Kelly’s Cove NEARBY ATTRACTIONS Academy of Sciences Balboa Theater Camera Obscura Cliff House Conservatory of Flowers de Young Museum Mt. Lake Park Legion of Honor SF Botanical Gardens
Very safe neighborhood, lots of shops near by, beautiful Park Presidio within walking distance, two minute car drive to infamous Golden Gate Bridge. Easy access to downtown if you take #38 Geary Bus
Walk across the street to Golden Gate Park, gold course, archery, great ethnic restaurants and cafes, Lands End hike! access to public transportation. 
Walk to Sutro Park, Lands End, Beach and Golden Gate Park.
Walking distance from the Legion of Honor, the beach, golden gate park, and brunch.
Walking distance to Golden Gate Park, Sutro Heights, and Lands Ends for hiking, bike paths, playgrounds, museums, lakes and ball fields  - Ocean Beach 7 blocks away with excellent surf breaks  - Bike and running paths available   - Walking distance to Balboa corridor with restaurants, cafes, banks, markets, and Balboa Theatre  - 5 minutes walk to La Playa corridor with Safeway market, gym, cafe, local produce market, and deli.
Walking distance to Golden Gate Parks, the De Young Museum and the California Academy of Sciences. On Sundays the park is closed to through traffic so it is very convenient to enjoy. Also located close to Ocean Beach, a bike ride to the beach and picnic at Baker Beach is a great way to take advantage of this location. The Presidio is close by as well and has beautiful views you can enjoy at Crissy Field, which is conveniently on the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. One perk of this home is that you can escape the hustle and bustle of downtown to experience the peaceful, natural beauty of San Francisco.
We are 5 blocks from Ocean beach, the famous Cliff house and Lands End trail with satisfying views of the Golden Gate Bridge. We are just 2 blocks from the Golden Gate Park. We are within walking distance to excellent restaurants, coffee shops and convenience stores.
We are in a very special part of the city. Ocean Beach is a couple blocks away, as is Golden Gate Park, Sutro Heights Park and Land's End. Balboa Street's cafes, restaurants, theatre, bar and shops are a short walk up the street.  This is a good neighborhood for a little quiet retreat.
We are located in an upscale, safe residential part of San Francisco. Walking distance to Baker Beach, China Beach, Seacliff, the Presidio, and Golden Gate Park.
We are located in the Sutro Heights neighborhood of the Outer Richmond.  Ocean Beach, Sutro Heights Park, and the Legion of Honor Museum (with fabulous views of the Golden Gate Bridge) are all within walking distance. Balboa Street is our neighborhood street to go to for coffee houses and excellent restaurants. A 25 minute bus ride will get you downtown.
We are located in the heart of the Richmond District, which is a great quiet escape from the rest of the city, and if you are here for Outside Lands this weekend, we are just a 20 minute walk from the park!
We have a quiet and pleasant neighborhood, I can't remember a single night when there was any noise outside (except for the night when Giants won the World Series).  Parking is a bit difficult after 6pm.
We live a block from Golden Gate Park, one of the largest urban parks in the US.  Our neighborhood is filled with diverse cuisine from around the world.  We are also close to Golden Gate Bridge, the Presidio, Lands End, Academy of Science and many other SF attractions.
We live in a  friendly neighborhood with cafes and restaurants, perfectly situated to visit museums, and take walks through wooded trails to Baker Beach, the Golden Gate Bridge, Land's End, and Ocean Beach. You can walk to the Legion of Honor Museum in Lincoln Park or the DeYoung Museum and the Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park, and the lakes and gardens of the Arboretum.  If you prefer to sidewalk explore, it's fun to walk down Clement Street from 25th Avenue to Arguello, stopping in at the pubs and Chinese restaurants (little Chinatown) -- head a bit further to Fillmore Street, or take the full journey - 7 miles to the Ferry Building (about a 2 hour walk) through the distinctly different neighborhoods that make San Francisco such a great place to visit and live.  If you are looking for a movie and dinner -- Pizetta 211 and the Four Star Theater are just around the corner.  There's something for everyone.
We live in the Richmond district of San Francisco, with plenty of restaurants, two grocery stores, and several coffee shops just a 10 minute walk North from our house.  We are 1.5 blocks from Golden Gate National Park which houses the De Young Museum and California Academy of Sciences.  Going West we are only a 10 minutes drive to the Ocean!
We love our neighborhood for its location to nature and outdoor activities. Great area for surfing, bird watching, golf, hiking, beach, De Young/Legion of Honor museums, and photography. Located near 24 hour grocery and Pharmacy.
We love the quiet, laid back pace of life in the Richmond.  There are numerous parks nearby to explore, including Lands End and Golden Gate Park and we are able to watch stunning sunsets at the beach .  In addition there are many delicious and affordable restaurants are sure to satisfy everyones taste buds--you can find everything from Burmese to Chinese (including the famous Shanghai Dumpling King), Moroccan to Italian.
We love this neighborhood because it truly feels like a community in such a big city. A few blocks away is the balboa village which has many restaurants, cafes and other activities.
What you'll love about this neighborhood is how close we are to fabulous places and experiences. Baker Beach just a 10 minute walk. Golden Gate Bridge is a 5 minute drive. Hike the stunning cliff trial to Lands Ends and Ocean Beach. Legion of Honor Museum is  a beautiful 15 min. walk.   Explore Golden Gate Park near by featuring De Young Museum, Japanese Tea Garden and Academy of Science. The Presidio with it's many hiking trails, restaurants and the  Disney Museum.  Presidio and  Lincoln Park Golf Course are near by as well as Mountain Lake Park. We are 2 blocks from  Clement Street where you will find anything you desire or need: fresh produce  and butcher shops, resale stores, acupuncturists, cafes, bakeries, bookstores, fine wine shops. Hair and nail salons, car mechanics, hardware stores etc. An abundance of wonderful restaurants and more ethnic restaurants then you could eat at in a year.    The famous Pizzietta is only a block away. 
Wonderful neighborhood, two blocks to Ocean Beach, two blocks to Golden Gate Park, Two blocks to Lands End! You can find more than half of the city's landscape and museum attractions within minutes of our home.   There is a grocery store and laundromat nearby, also within walking distance.