(website hidden) (website hidden)
-5 blocks from shuttles to tech companies in the bay area, including (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) shuttle, etc. -Convenience store across the street -Two blocks from Lafayette park, which has an amazing kids playground and dog park -1.5 blocks from van ness, which has lots of transportation options and is a gateway to the Bay Area -4 blocks from union street which is full of shops, restaurants and cafes -3 blocks to Polk street which is also full of shops, restaurants and cafes -6 blocks from CPMC hospital -short bus or car ride to downtown San Francisco
-5 blocks from shuttles to tech companies in the bay area, including (website hidden) shuttle, etc. -Convenience store across the street -Two blocks from Lafayette park, which has an amazing kids playground and dog park -1.5 blocks from Van Ness street, which has lots of transportation options and is a gateway to the Bay Area -4 blocks from Union Street which is full of shops, restaurants and cafes -3 blocks to Polk street which is also full of shops, restaurants and cafes -6 blocks from CPMC hospital -short bus or car ride to downtown San Francisco
A Commercial Street. Shops, eateries, coffee shops, gymnasiums, yoga and Pilates studios, clothing boutiques, and more. Union Street has excellent shopping, and we're four short blocks from Chestnut Street, which is also an excellent shopping and eating street of San Francisco. Bus line on the street, easy access to the rest of the city.
A tree-lined postcard-perfect block. Pacific Heights is an affluent neighborhood of San Francisco, which is known for the notable people who reside in the area. It is located in one of the most scenic and park-like settings in Northern California, offering panoramic views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the San Francisco Bay, the Palace of Fine Arts, Alcatraz and the Presidio. Its location provides a temperate micro-climate that is clearer, but not always warmer, than many other areas in San Francisco.
ABOUT PACIFIC HEIGHTS The neighborhood is very safe and very centrally located, allowing for easy access to great San Francisco destinations Only a few blocks from the shops and dining on Fillmore and Laurel street, Pacific Heights scores a 10 on the walk meter. Additionally, the Cow-Hollow and Marina districts are 10-15 minutes by foot. If you're a runner or just like to walk, the Lions streets steps and the Presidio is just up the street at the end of “Billionaires Row".   THE SHOPS ON SACRAMENTO STREET were recently featured in the April 2014 issue of   HouseBeautiful Magazine as one of the top 8 places to shop in the Nation stating: Sacramento St (between Broderick and Spruce) boasts "The Best Design Shops In San Francisco... Straddling Pacific Heights and Presidio Heights, two of San Francisco's most gracious neighborhood Sacramento Street has experienced a boomlet of sophisticated and elegant shops. And it's no wonder: with well-established local families now joined by an influx 
Amazing safe neighborhood walkable to bars, restaurants, shops and bus stop. Near Polk St., Union St., Fillmore St. and much more.
Arguable the best neighborhood in SF and close to everything! PacHeights is incredibly beautiful and lined with awe-inspiring mansions, close to lots of parks and the beach and SF infamous coffee shops and delicious eateries. You can't go wrong here.
Beautiful and safest location in the city. Panoramic view of the marina and Golden Gate Bridge. Centrally located in the heart of the city. Close to bus station, lyft/uber hot spots.
Beautiful views walking to Golden Gate Bridge
Big plus, there are amazing bars and restaurants within a few blocks of the place so you can easily walk to any of them and not worry about parking and moving the car.  Since I'm in the center of the city, it's also very easy to take Uber and Lyft anywhere without breaking the bank.
Central to many of the greatest neighborhoods in SF. Pacific Heights, Russian Hill, Nob Hill, Cow Hollow and the Marina are all within a 5-7 minute walk or drive.  Fi-Di is just a 10-12 minute cable car or bus ride away.
Centrally located in Pacific Heights which has great shopping (boutiques) and great restaurants / coffee places. It is a true SF neighborhood experience away from tourist areas, yet at a close proximity to them.  One block to vibrant Fillmore Street for highly rated, diverse fine dining: Florio, Woodhouse Fish Co., Jackson-Fillmore (authentic Italian), Yoshi’s, Dosa, SPQR (Michelin Star!), Delfina (amazing Pizza), Troya, Dosa, State Bird Provisions & Out the Door.  One block to boutique shopping, entertainment and several salon’s & spa’s. One block to Mollie Stone’s for gourmet groceries. Two blocks to Alta Plaza Park where you can go for a morning /evening stroll. Less than 5 minute walk to yoga & massage studios. Kabuki (Japantown), Clay (Pac Heights) and Vogue (Presidio) theaters are at walking distance. Walk score 95+!
Charming, trendy, upbeat, and lively neighborhood with a walk score of 95.  Gourmet market, cafes, restaurants, shops, park, pharmacy, medical center, florist, historic Catholic Church, health club, spa, hair and nail salons, live music, sports bar, business center and banking.
Close proximity to grocery stores (whole foods, safeway, trader Joe's), parks, popular neighborhoods (Japantown, Nob Hill, Marina, SoMa), public transport, safe to walk, beautiful architecture.
Fantastic neighborhoods of Pacific Heights and Nob Hill.  Amazing restaurants, coffee, and bars
Fillmore Street is one of San Francisco’s great treasures. It’s the main shopping and dining district in one of the city’s finest neighborhoods. Bounded on the east by the ethnic vitality of Japantown, on the south by the nightlife of the Fillmore Jazz District, and on the north by Pacific Heights, with its grand mansions and views of the bay, this is a neighborhood of great diversity. Thrift shops and the trendiest boutiques range from cheap to chic. For even more information: (URL HIDDEN)
Gorgeous architecture, walkable (despite the hills), close to fun shopping and restaurants and to the park. 
Gorgeous homes. Lyon Street steps are a few blocks away. Tons of restaurants, bars, gyms, fitness studios, hair salons, shopping, coffee houses and wine bars within walking distance.
Great neighborhood near Polk St. (two blocks) and Fillmore St. Close to supermarkets, restaurants, pubs and cafes. Steps to the small  landscaped park.
Great restaurants, quiet nights, a park steps away and hiking in the Presidio!
Great walking neighborhood.  If you want to run or walk to the bridge it is just a little over 6 miles round trip.  Walk north on Fillmore (towards the SF Bay) then hang a left when you get to the water, just follow the path!  Lots of pretty homes if you walk west.  Marina neighborhood is just north down the hill and has a million things to do.  Fillmore Street also has great coffee and restaurants and cute shops.
I Love everything about this neighborhood. It is a quiet hidden jewel with posh shops and eateries. Lots of  friendly people walking dogs, nanny's and babies. The  gym 1 blk (JCCSF), many restaurants, shops, vintage Vogue theater, walk to the Presidio, Golden Gate,  catch a bus to downtown. Convenient location!
I am on Fillmore@Jackson and It's got everything I need within walking distance and beautiful views. It's clean and safe and there are 3 bus routes from this area and a short bus ride to downtown
I am right at California and Fillmore Street - one of the best intersections in the city. There a so many restaurants, cafes, clothing stores right at your doorstep: Cafes: Jane, The Grove, Peets, Starbucks Bars: Harry's Bar, Palmers, Florio Restaurants: Pizzaria Delfina, Dinos Pizza, SPQR, La Mediteranee, Fresca, Tacobar, Bun Mee, Glaze, Roam Burger Shops: Marc by Marc Jacobs, Joie, Heidi Says, Ella Moss, Scotch & Soda, Sandro, Rag & Bone, Mac Cosmetics, Nars, Papersource Groceries: Mollie Stones is across the street, Walgreens, Safeway is about 4 blocks down Fillmore
I love that it's close to fun stuff and stores.  I also love that it's right between Franklin and Gough (which span SF and have timed lights) as well as Broadway -- it makes it really easy to get across town.  There are also several bus lines within a few minutes walk (one is right across the street).  Plus, despite the central location street parking is easy to find here and the apartment is nice and quiet!
INCREDIBLY QUIET! We have lived here over two years and have never been woken up from people yelling or walking around outside the building. There is a fire station and a hospital both within 5 blocks of the apartment so there are frequent sirens.  Less than a block from Lafayette Park.  3 Blocks from Fillmore street where there is high-end shopping and cute restaurants/bars.  15 minute walk to Polk street with great nightlife and bars.  15 minute walk to the Marina.  There is a Whole Foods 5 blocks down California.
In beautiful Pacific Heights, a storied San Francisco neighborhood that highlights exquisite architecture at every turn.
In between Russian Hill, Marina, Pacific Heights. Very near to Polk street and Union street. It's an awesome location.
In the heart of San Fransisco, centrally located in Pacific Heights. Walk to the shops, restaurants, and stores on Fillmore Street just 2 blocks away. Close to city parks, public transit, and fine dining. This apartment has a walking score of 98!
Laurel Heights is a beautiful neighborhood of striking mansions mixed in with quaint apartments like ours.  It's a very desirable neighborhood that is safe and quiet, but just blocks from the hustle and bustle of Fillmore St, Pacific Heights, Cow Hollow and the Marina.  There are lots of coffee shops, boutiques and salons within a 5 min walk.  Also just a quick ride away form Hayes Valley and the hipster Mission neighborhood.  Lots of street parking all around.
Laurel Heights is a beautiful neighborhood of striking mansions mixed in with quaint apartments like ours. It's a very desirable neighborhood that is safe and quiet, but just blocks from the hustle and bustle of Fillmore St, Pacific Heights, Cow Hollow and the Marina. There are lots of coffee shops, boutiques and salons within a 5 min walk. Also just a quick ride away form Hayes Valley and the hipster Mission neighborhood. Lots of street parking all around.
Located in one of San Francisco’s most prestigious neighborhoods on Broadway Street, in the Pacific Heights area of San Francisco
Located in the heart of San Francisco, this is one of the most ideal locations in SF. Walking distance from North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Union Street, and so much more! Lots of bus lines and right next to the cable car line too. What's better than feeling like a true local during your stay in San Francisco? Check in and check out times will be coordinated depending on your dates of booking. Thanks for stopping by! Don't hesitate to contact me with any questions.
Location is centrally located in Pacific Heights. Wikipedia has a great description of the area.  (website hidden) also has good information.  Close to Fillmore street shops, Park Presidio, Laurel Village and up and coming neighborhoods in NOPA.   
Location to stores, cafes, restaurants and the Golden Gate Bridge
Love: Cute shops Cafes Entertainment (Movie theatre. lounges & bars, upscale safe neighborhood) Parks Views Cons: Hills Public Transportation  Recommendations:  Walk the water on Marina Blvd, explore the Presidio, cross the golden gate bridge and maybe even get a cafe in Sausalito.
Lower Pacific Heights is a great spot! This apartment is 1 block from a Whole Foods, and it's 5minutes walking to either Filmore or Polk Street.  Try Filmore for high end shops, like Rag and Bone or Marc Jacobs and great eats like the Michelin starred SPQR and my favorite, Delfina Pizzeria. Try Polk for fun night life at Harper and Rye, or Hi Lo, and fun restaurants - like Co Nam for Vietnamese.
Most premier neighborhood in the city
My gorgeous 900sqft apartment, located in a prime location in the high end neighborhood of Cow Hollow where all of the Union/Polk/Chestnut Street boutiques, bars and restaurants are. Walking distance to:  -Fisherman's Wharf  -North Beach  -Chinatown  -Downtown
My neighborhood is perfect! It's one block from Filimore streets, very safe and close to shops, restaurants and coffee shops.
Neighborhood located next to Fillmore street shops and also next to Presidio national park. Easy walking distance to Marina and Chrissy Fields-near Golden Gate Bridge
Nicest and safest neighborhood in San Francisco. Walking distance to the beach, bars, restaurants, and transportation that will take you downtown.
One of the most prestigious neighborhood in SF, surrounded by some of the city's best restaurants and shopping boutiques.  
One the most sophisticated residential areas in San Francisco
Our Neighborhood is awesome!  You can walk to  everything...great shopping, amazing food, beautiful parks with spectacular views and friendly people. Just north of the center of the city.  Pacific Heights, Lower Pac Heights, Fillmore, NOPA. Safe & fun, morning & night.
Our guests can stroll onto the Fillmore Street to shop at the upscale designer shops, explore the unique Japan Town or enjoy the pleasant weather San Francisco has to offer at one of the local parks (i.e. Alta Plaza, Lafayette, Jefferson Square and Alamo Square).
Our house is located within a short walking distance of many fine restaurants, bars, coffee shops and other shops.  Union Street, Polk Street, Chestnut Street and Fillmore Street are all within a few blocks.
Our location is hard to beat.  Pacific Heights is a quiet, up-scale residential area rising up from the Bay and central to all major San Francisco sites.  The bustling neighborhood street of Fillmore (four blocks away) has top-rated restaurants to fit any budget, cafes, coffee shops, bars, boutiques.  Upper Sacramento more of the same, plus noted home furnishing boutiques and movie theater.  Just around the corner is b patisserie (named best French pastry in Bay Area).  Many scenic walking/jogging trails await nearby in the Presidio and on Crissy Field along the waterfront.  You have convenient access to city attractions no matter what your destination.
Our location is hard to beat.  Pacific Heights is a quiet, up-scale, residential area but central to all major San Francisco sites.  The bustling neighborhood street of  Fillmore (four blocks away) has top restaurants, cafes, bars, shops to suit any budget.  Upper Sacramento Street, more of the same, plus noted home boutiques and a movie theater with first run movies.    Many scenic jogging/walking trails await nearby in the Presidio and on Crissy Field.   You have convenient access to city attractions no matter what your destination.
Pac Heights is a privileged, elegant neighborhood embodies Hollywood's vision of San Francisco, and its blocks of Victorian mansions and its breathtaking views of the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge make it the favorite neighborhood for both residents and visitors to the city. It is centrally located and just 2 blocks away from all the great shops and restaurants on Filmore Street. It is very safe!!!
Pac height and presidio height are beautiful and quiet
PacHeights is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco- clean, safe and packed with delicious cafes, restaurants and shops. Divisadero Street is one of the leading commercial streets, yet this building is located just 1-2 blocks from the key commercial areas, so it stays quiet with a residential feel. Walk 1 block to Anza Plaza, or the other direction to the Presidio. Walk 10 minutes to Filmore Center, Japantown, and more. Quick bus ride or Uber to Mission, SoMA, Nob Hill, Marina and more.
Pacific Heights ("Pac Heights") has gorgeous Victorian buildings, well-maintained public parks, and terrific views of the bay.  The area is safe and quiet yet easily accessible to anywhere you need to go within SF. We are also 3 blocks away to Whole Foods (grocery store).  We are close to 3 major bus lines and 1 cable car line. We are 1/2 a block away from beautiful Lafayette Park with a tennis courts, hills, playground, dog park, etc.   Within a ~5-10 minute walk, get to these main streets for fun restaurants, bars, boutiques: - Polk Street (Nob Hill/Russian Hill), Fillmore St (Pac Heights), Union St (Cow Hollow/Marina) Within a 10-15 minute bus ride, get to: - Union Square/Downtown (shopping and Powell St BART) -Embarcadero waterfront / Ferry Building  - Chinatown - Nob Hill/Grace Cathedral - North Beach (restaurants, bars, cafes) - Ghirardelli Square - Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 - Coit Tower - Lombard Street - Russian Hill/Hyde Street (tree-lined restaurants, boutiques, cafes)
Pacific Heights has gorgeous parks, playgrounds, and, bounded by the Presidio, easy access to open space and miles of hiking, running, and biking trails. The main shopping district can be found on Fillmore Street, which runs north and south through Pacific Heights and is home to some of the city’s chicest boutiques and choicest restaurants.
Pacific Heights is a beautiful clean, family-friendly neighborshood that has great restaurants and bars within walking distance. There is also Lafayette park with a beautiful view of the bay with tennis courts as well as a brisk walk to the Lyon Steps.
Pacific Heights is an affluent neighborhood of San Francisco, California, US, which is known for the notable people who reside in the area. It is located in one of the most scenic and park-like settings in Northern California, offering panoramic views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the San Francisco Bay, the Palace of Fine Arts, Alcatraz and the Presidio. Its location provides a temperate micro-climate that is clearer, but not always warmer, than many other areas in San Francisco. Notable Residents: Larry Ellison: cofounder and CEO of Oracle Corporation[16] Jonathan Ive: chief designer at Apple Inc. Jay Paul: billionaire real estate developer[17] Nancy Pelosi: Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and current United States House of Representatives Minority Leader Danielle Steel: author Peter Thiel: cofounder of PayPal
Pacific Heights is an elegant neighborhood in San Francisco. This is a neighborhood of family’s and locals. This neighborhood has some of the most beautiful homes San Francisco has to offer. The apartment is located 5.5 blocks away from Alta Plaza  Park and 7.5 blocks away from the lively Fillmore St. and 4 blocks away from Lyon Steps – one of the best views in the city. Recommended restaurants in the area include: Tataki Sushi and Saki Bar, Garibaldi’s, Pizzeria Delfina, 4505 Bbq (ranked #1 burger in CA), and The City Taqueria – If you are a foodie and would like a more detailed list please feel free to contact us. We know of all the best spots in the area.
Pacific Heights is gorgeous! Boutique shops and restaurants beautiful views of the Golden Gate bridge, huge postcard-like SF mansions, parks, it has it all:)
Pacific Heights is my favorite neighborhood in the city. We are just 2 blocks from Fillmore Street which is chock full of delicious restaurants and boutiques. There is a beautiful park 2 blocks away and is great to lay in the sun and read or just for a stroll. Pacific Heights is basically in the center of the city so it is so easy and quick to get basically anywhere. It is quiet but also walkable to Polk Street, Union Street, Chestnut Street and the water.
Pacific Heights is one of the nicest and safest neighborhoods in SF.  Clean, safe, and centrally located - walk to shops, bars, restaurants, nightclubs, Warf, Union Square, Civic Center - a block to many major bus lines to get downtown, SoMa, AT&T Park.  Don't be fooled by other, remote "SF' locations.
Pacific Heights is the best! 2 blocks from Lafayette park which is beautiful, incredibly dog/kid friendly, and has great view points to the water. Pacific heights is very safe, and the apartment is right next to all major bus lines (Van Ness is the main street that runs north/south in SF) -- The 1 (takes you to financial district/downtown) and 47 (takes you to caltrain) pickup right by our apartment and run very frequently. Our apartment is centrally located to everything.. restaurants, transport, tourist sights (Fisherman's wharf etc). We love the neighborhood!
Pacific Heights is the most sought after neighborhood in San Francisco City. Ideally located near nightlife, shopping restaurants it is safe, has parks and beautiful homes. Directly behind our home is Lafayette Park situated right on the hill with an excellent view of the city. Wholefoods is located only two blocks away.
Pacific Heights is the premier neighborhood in SF.  It is vibrant, lively and beautiful.  I love that you can walk to world class restaurants and shopping in two minutes and it's still so close to the beaches and Bay!
Pacific Heights is the premier neighborhood in San Francisco, home to the largest and most beautiful, historic mansions in the city - and this is one of them! Broadway Street is the 'Gold Coast' of the city, as both sides of the street have stunning views of the Golden Gate Bridge, Marin County, and the Bay. It's a neighborhood of families and long-time locals, and isn't touristy or ultra-trendy.
Pacific Heights is the undisputed center of San Francisco's wealth. With achingly beautiful mansions, well-groomed parks, and distinct views of the Bay, Pac Heights is the most coveted real estate in Northern California. Come to see the Hass-Lilienthal House, the Spreckels Mansion, and a plethora of luxury cars flanking the luxury residences. Rest in Lafayette Park, one of the best in the city for its views and impeccable cleanliness. Feel free to bring your Prada and your poodle if you want to fit in with Pac Heights' well-coiffed residents. 
Pacific Heights offers shopping and some of the best restaurants in the city - just around the corner from me. You'll also have easy access to downtown and other neighborhoods. If you're coming for the Super Bowl, Uber is the best option for transport around the city and the SB50 Fan Express is the best way to get to an from Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, (EMAIL HIDDEN)
Pacific Heights offers the best of San Francisco living. The Presidio is just a few blocks away -- go to the Starbuck's next to Lucasfilm and see the Yoda statue in front of the building. On Sundays there is an "Off the Grid" food truck gathering from 11-3 -- a great way to sample a number of specialties. Then walk it off along Crissy Field beach, with incomparable views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz.  If you amble down Sacramento Street to the right you will reach charming Laurel Village, with upscale family shops, restaurants, and services. If you walk left you will come to Divisadero -- don't miss B Patisserie on California just before Divisadero -- pastries to die for, and lovely sandwiches across the street at B on the Go. Keep going four more blocks and you'll be on tony Fillmore Street, home to some of the chicest shops in  SF. Great upscale Indian food at Dosa, Italian at SPQR and Pizzeria Delfina, and liquid nitrogen ice cream at Smitten.  Stroll Union Street for quai
Pacific Heights. Close to upscale shopping and safe. 
Pacific Heights/Cow Hollow are Great!  Union Street has many shops and restaurants
Pacific Heights/Cow Hollow/Union Street.  Many great shops and restaurants.  Very safe.  Fantastic Spot! 
Prime Pacific Heights location.   Great places to eat, drink and shop just a block away.
Prime location on border of Cow Hollow and Pacific Heights. A short  walk to coffee houses, shops, restaurants and nightlife on Union Street and Chestnut Street
Quiet city living apartment with an abundance of restaurants and bars within a short walk and cab ride
See Airbnb's neighborhood guide to get a good sense of the Marina neighborhood. https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/marina
Seriously this place is perfect.  Pacific Heights is one of the nicest, cleanest, safest areas of SF. You're literally a 6 minute walk from Mollie Stones (one of the BEST all natural/organic markets in SF) Walgreens, and all the cute little places to eat like Jane, Pizzeria Delfina, The Grove ++ your daily staples like Starbucks and Peet's Coffee. Take a walk/lay out in beautiful Atlas Park or catch a flick at the Clay Theatre around the corner..
Shopping is right around the corner!  One of the best restaurants (Spruce) is a few blocks away and the JCC gym is one of the best in the city!  
Some of the best dining in the city is within walking distance and centrally located to get to most places in the city. Views of Alcatraz from Alta Plaza park one block from the apartment. Lots of smaller boutiques on Fillmore for those that like to browse
Super convenient, shops, restaurants, movie theatre, bus lines, library, all within a block.
The Castle is ideally located in one of San Francisco's most coveted neighborhoods, on the borders of Pacific Heights / Cow Hollow / Russian Hill.  It is within a short 2-3 block walk of the popular Union Street and Polk Street corridors, loaded with restaurants, cafes and boutiques.
The Lyon Steps are 2 blocks away. Divisadero is 4-5 blocks away, which has a ton of shops. Sacramento street is 2 blocks away and also has some shops.
The Marina is the perfect blend of "I feel safe here," "this area is absolutely beautiful," and "I can easily get to SF's other amazing neighborhoods from here."
The Neighborhood ABOUT PACIFIC HEIGHTS  The neighborhood is very safe and very centrally located, allowing for easy access to great San Francisco destinations Only a few blocks from the shops and dining on Fillmore and Laurel street, Pacific Heights scores a 10 on the walk meter. Additionally, the Cow-Hollow and Marina districts are 10-15 minutes by foot. If you're a runner or just like to walk, the Lions streets steps and the Presidio is just up the street at the end of “Billionaires Row". THE SHOPS ON SACRAMENTO STREET were recently featured in the April 2014 issue of  HouseBeautiful Magazine as one of the top 8 places to shop in the Nation stating:  Sacramento St (between Broderick and Spruce)  boasts "The Best Design Shops In San Francisco... Straddling Pacific Heights and Presidio Heights, two of San Francisco's most gracious neighborhood Sacramento Street has experienced a boomlet of sophisticated and elegant shops. And it's no wonder: with well-established local families now joi
The apartment is conveniently located at the intersection of three San Francisco neighborhoods, Russian Hill, Cow Hollow and Pacific Heights. The historic Haas Lilienthal house is directly across the street. Whole Foods and Trader Joe are both a few blocks away for convenient grocery shopping.
The apartment is in a unique location (lower pacific heights) we are walking distance to best parts of town for  shopping, dinning and leisure. Fillmore St (12 min walk) filled with cafes, stores and bars. Polk St (3 min walk), Union St (12 min walk) and Marina (20 min walk). The apartment is half a block from lafayette park which is a beautiful well kept park where you can see amazing views of the bay, have a picnic or stroll around. If you are into architecture in Pacific Heights you'll find the most beautiful houses in town. You can also get to the california cable car (5 min walk) that will take you downtown and you won't have to make a long line. The #1 bus stops across the street from the apartment and it will take you directly to the financial district within 10 min.
The apartment is situated in one of the most prestigious SF neighborhoods -- Pacific Heights, blocks from Fillmore Street and close to the Marina and Cow Hollow.
The apt is on the border between Pacific Heights and Presidio Heights - two of the most beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco. Lots of cafes and restaurants on nearby Filmore St (15 minute walk); hiking and gorgeous bay views in Presidio Park (less than 5 minute walk); and conveniently located for easy access to buses and hospitals (UCSF Zion and CPMC).
The best part about this neighborhood is accessibility to Fillmore Street and beautiful parks (Lafayette and Alta Plaza). Great food, shopping and scenery right out the front door!
The famed Pacific Heights is one of the best and most upscale neighborhoods in San Francisco. Extremely nice, clean, safe, quiet and beautiful. San Francisco Filmore street is only 6 blocks away with a lot of boutique shops, restaurants, clubs and businesses. Downtown, Financial District and Touristy Fisherman's Wharf are only 15 minute bus ride away.
The highly sought after Pacific Heights area is one of the most scenic and park-like settings in San Francisco.  Centrally located between the popular, neighborhoods of Cow Hollow, Laurel Heights, and Presidio Heights it offers views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the San Francisco Bay, the Palace of Fine Arts, Alcatraz and the Presidio. It is home to some of SF's best restaurants including: SPQR, Spruce, State Bird Provision, to name a few. .  Steps away from the best shopping area's: Fillmore, Sacramento, Union Street and Chestnut. Near major SF attractions including: Crissy Field, Lyon Street Stairs, The Presidio, Golden Gate Bridge, The Disney Museum, Palace of Fine Arts.  The JCCSF top notch sports facility located a block away (including pool, sauna and steam)
The neighbor is amazing. He is around but like I said it has never been a problem, we get along pretty well.
The neighborhood has a walk score of 95, making it one of the most walkable neighborhoods in San Francisco. Excellent transit score too. Within blocks to fine dining, shopping, and coffee shops. Half a block away from yoga studios, fitness centers, dry cleaners, convenience stores, cafes, and the best bakery in town. If you like to dream about the mansions of the super rich, "Billionaire's Row" is a few blocks up the street. Perfect for families who enjoy quiet time and for those looking to be at the center hub of San Francisco (with a main transit line a minute walk away). Walk 5 minutes to parks with expansive views of the city, children playgrounds, grassy fields to lay out, tennis and basketball courts. 
The neighborhood has a walk score of 95, making it one of the most walkable neighborhoods in San Francisco. Excellent transit score too. Within blocks to fine dining, shopping, and coffee shops. Half a block away from yoga studios, fitness centers, dry cleaners, convenience stores, cafes, and the best bakery in town. Perfect for families who enjoy quiet time and for those looking to be at the center hub of San Francisco (with a main transit line a minute walk away). Walk 5 minutes to parks with expansive views of the city, children playgrounds, grassy fields to lay out, tennis and basketball courts.
The neighborhood is lively with boutiques and a choice of many restaurants. Close by are all the amenities  such as grocery store, drug store, banks and cinemas.
The neighborhood is safe and quiet and located one block from Sacramento Street, and four blocks from Presidio Park. It is within walking distance of the Palace of Fine Arts, Presidio Park which has hiking trails. A few blocks away is the buzzing Fillmore Street, friendly shopping area filled with small family-operated cafes, restaurants, bars, delis, markets, banks, pharmacies, boutiques, theaters, bus stops for transportation all over the city. Chestnut Street is also within walking distance. The neighborhood is residential. It is safe during the day and at night to walk. • Walk score 94  • Walking distance to Trader Joes • Four blocks to running/bike path in the Presidio • 10 min drive to city center (Union Square) San Francisco  • Twenty-minute car ride (with no traffic) to San Francisco International Airport • Plenty of boutique shops wine, clothing, and spa options in and around the neighborhood  • Yoga Works studio within a few blocks • Dry cleaners and laundromat all minutes aw
The unit is just a short driving distance to the Presidio National Park, the Golden Gate Bridge, and Fisherman's Warf. Conveniently close to additional shopping on Union, Chestnut, Sacramento & California Streets shopping. Nearby Attractions: - Fillmore District: Jazz, Shops, Restaurants/Cafes, Grocery, Movies - Japan town: Sundance Kabuki Theater, restaurants, shops - Alta Plaza Park: 2 blocks to state-of-the-art playground, view of the bay and city skyline - Crissy Field: Beautiful bay-side beach with spectacular view of the Golden Gate Bridge - Baker Beach: Rustic ocean-side beach with spectacular view of the Golden Gate Bridge - Presidio Golf Course - Letterman Digital Arts Center, Lucasfilm, Ltd., Industrial Light and Magic & LucasArts
The unit is located directly on the famous Broadway Street and is close to everywhere you want to be. There are a variety of popular restaurants and bars within three blocks.  You will be at the heart of the SF great metropolitan city, in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods.
There are 2 parks blocks away with great views and tennis courts.  Fillmore Street is filled with shopping and places to eat. Fillmore is also quite central so it's easy to get in and out of city and to get around town. The neighborhood is safe, quiet & low key at night. The apartment is located on Fillmore Street in Pacific Heights which is a clean and safe neighborhood.  Fillmore Street is filled with shops of all kinds and tons of restaurants. There are movie theatres, bars and other fun neighborhoods to check out just a stroll away.  You'll love it!
There are 2 parks blocks away with great views.  Both parks have tennis courts. Fillmore Street is filled with shopping and places to eat. Fillmore is also quite central so it's easy to get in and out of city and to get around town. The neighborhood is safe, quiet & low key at night.
This Pac Heights block is gorgeous and right next to Alta Plaza Park. The restaurants, theater and shopping nearby are lovely and convenient for anyone looking for a nice time!
This elegant neighborhood embodies Hollywood's vision of San Francisco, and its blocks of Victorian mansions and its Cinemascope views of the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge make the area a perennial favorite with visitors to the city. San Francisco locals tend to be a bit more cynical about the exclusive air of Pacific Heights, but that doesn't mean you won't catch residents of other neighborhoods making a special trip for the eclectic, upscale shopping opportunities that Fillmore Street offers. The neighborhood is loosely bordered by Van Ness and Presidio avenues and Pine and Vallejo streets and was first colonized by the nouveau riche of the late 1800s when the construction of a new cable-car line made the area accessible. The extravagant dwellings that characterize the district today stand as testimony to the desire of those early residents to impress their Nob Hill neighbors. That legacy of luxury has persisted, and the neighborhood remains generally quiet and residential, with the
This is San Francisco with an infinite things to see and do.  Pacific Heights is one of the finest neighborhoods in SF with great food, shopping,  exploring, and views.  Muni, buses, Bart, Uber, Lyft, cabs, and cable cars can take a visitor to any area of interest within 5 to 20 minutes.
This is a classic SF neighborhood with a feeling of Europe. Tree lined street with shops and restaurants with food from any culture you can name! It's hard to leave this neighborhood but if you do transportation is everywhere although we use Uber the most. We leave the car parked and Uber while in the city, but the garage offers a quick getaway when you want to venture to the Napa Valley, Santa Cruz, Tahoe , Yosemite or our favorite Big Sur.
This is an ideal location with Polk, Union and Fillmore streets all within a 5-block radius. Starbucks is 3 blocks down Laguna to Union Street.
This is the best neighborhood in San Francisco- beautiful, traditional Victorians with amazing views. Very prestigious and affluent neighbors, including the Danielle Steele mansion and the home of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, author of the Sherlock Holmes novels.
This neighborhood is truly special. Three blocks from the Fillmore shopping and eating district, this house is centrally located in a safe, family-orientated block. Close to downtown and Union Square, as well as the Marina, Hayes Valley and all points north.
This provides the feeling and comfort of being at home in a majestic Victorian mansion. It is the best and most conveniently located neighborhood to experience the best of San Francisco.
Tons of great restaurants, bars, coffee shops (Starbucks/Peet's) within 1 block.
Tons of stuff within walking distance (a few blocks at the most): Whole Foods, lots of bars and eateries, a great (and clean!) public park, nail salons, and all sorts of fun neighborhood finds. Some of my favorites are Pizzeria Delfina, Out The Door, Blue Barn, Smitten Ice Cream, Harper & Rye, Lush Lounge, 1760, Lion Pub, Sundance Kabuki (movie theater).
Tucked between Fillmore, Polk, Union and Chestnut streets, it is a perfect location to walk/drive to the most interesting range of restaurants, bars and shops. There's also two parks nearby and it's a short distance from the beach and waterfront.
Unbeatable location in the safe, sunny neighborhood of Cow Hollow (some consider it the Marina), located between The Marina District and Pacific Heights - you can simply walk to so many places!    - Fort Mason is 5 blocks away  - Lombard Street (the crooked part) is  about 6 blocks) - Fisherman's Wharf just 1.3 miles  - The Golden Gate Bridge is 3.4 miles away  And of course there is the great shopping and fantastic restaurants on Union Street literally, just around the corner.  You can also head East, or over to Polk Street where there are lots of cool spots!  **Be sure to click the MAPS tab at the top of this page, or GUIDEBOOK in the upper right-hand corner this page (orange circle), to see where just a few of the neighborhood attractions are located!**
VERY safe, beautiful neighborhood! You can walk home at any time of the night and feel completely safe. This is an upscale part of San Francisco with expensive real estate, and you will never encounter any homeless people or illicit activities near your home. This apartment is really ideally located because it is in a family-friendly neighborhood (you will see many young families and young couples walking their dogs), you are only 2 blocks from very happening nightlife. -Sunny neighborhood! Unlike the Sunset or the Haight, this part of town gets a lot of sunshine. -1 block from Lafayette Park, beautiful park at the top of the hill with sweeping views of the entire city, including Golden Gate Bridge -2 blocks from Polk Street nightlife (~10 block strip of bars, restaurants, clubs) -Nob Hill and Russian Hill just a few blocks away, very charming neighborhoods with Mom & Pop run wine bars and cafes -Union St shopping, brunch, cafes, nightlife only 4 blocks away -Famous Marina District (Ch
Walk to Fillmore Street (cafes, restaurants, a couple bars and plenty of boutiques), Lafayette and Alta Plaza parks.  Amazing views and architecture.  Very quiet, safe and historical neighborhood, considered one of the most desirable locations in the Bay Area.
Walking to Peet's coffee on Polk St is a great way to start the day.  Perry's on union St is also walking distance and a great spot for brunch or dinner.  Epic views of Bay and headlands can be seen from Lafayette park, just 2 blocks away. 
We are centrally located 1/2 block from Fillmore Street, with bars, restaurants and shops, and 4 blocks down away from Union Street, with many more great restaurants, gyms and shopping.  Our location on Washington is very quiet, with a park at one end of the block and the upper end of Fillmore Street on the other end.  It's a flat street, and one car can park in the driveway.
We are in picturesque Pacific Heights neighborhood where along the tree-lined streets are many buildings from the Victorian era.  Our building was built in 1895.  Only 9 minute walk to many upscale boutiques on Fillmore, as well as wonderful dining options.
We are located centrally in Pacific Heights.  Restaurants & cafes are located just two blocks away, including B-Patisserie (the best bakery in the city), Tetaki Sushi (yummy sustainable sushi and Japanese pub food), Wild Hare (great bar), B Patisserie On-the-Go (sandwiches), and SF Bistro Grill (Burgers).  Fillmore Street, which has great shops & restaurants is only 6 blocks away. And Sacramento Street (antiques, a movie theatre, and a few restaurants) is only 3 blocks away. Plus we are only 1 block from the Presidio Library.
We are located centrally in Pacific Heights.  Restaurants & cafes are located just two blocks away, including B-Patisserie (the best bakery in the city), Tetaki Sushi (yummy sustainable sushi), Wild Hare (great bar), B Patisserie On-the-Go (sandwiches), and SF Bistro Grill (Burgers).  Fillmore Street, which as great shops & restaurants is only 6 blocks away. And Sacramento Street (antiques, a movie theatre, and a few restaurants) is only 3 blocks away. Plus we are only 1 block from the Presidio Library.
We are located in the Pacific Heights/Fillmore Jazz neighborhood with a walk score of 100.  A perfect base for a fun and fabulous stay in San Francisco. Walk to everything, fantastic food, shopping and entertainment. Beautiful parks, friendly people. Steps to coffee shops, bakeries, casual and fine dining.  Just north of the center of the city.  Pacific Heights, Lower Pac Heights, Fillmore, NOPA. Safe & fun, morning & night
We are located in the famed San Francisco neighborhood of Pacific Heights. With Billionaire's Row blocks away and a short walk (less than 7 minutes away) from Union, Polk, and Fillmore streets, our place is very centrally located with diverse options for eating/drinking.
We are on the border of Pacific Heights/Russian Hill and are centrally located, upper class neighborhood of SFs north side. We are close to boutique shopping on Fillmore, Union, and Polk street as well as a short cable car, bus, or taxi ride to Union square.
We are one block away from one of the more lively streets in the city, and there is always something going on. However, the street itself is very quiet and peaceful. You can make it whatever you want to. 
We have many restaurants on our street. Nico's Spruce Sociale, Osteria and others. Movie Theater, JCCSF for spa, gym, events and UC.  Lots of shops Pascaline Paris, Jessie Black, Anthem. Bus  is the next block.. Walk to Fillmore Street, Presidio for nature, and  Divisadero.
We live on a very quiet and beautiful street that is within walking distance from everything  you need. Fillmore St and Divisadero St have all the restaurants and shopping you could ever want. There are also plenty of gyms and yoga studios within walking distance but you could just as easily run to the Presidio if you want to.
With a Walk Score of 98 out of 100, this house is the perfect home base for your San Francisco trip. Less than 2 blocks from the famous upper Fillmore corridor and exciting shops, as well as fine dining coupled with local eateries, plus easy public transportation, means the city is at your fingertips - literally. Restaurants like Pizzeria Delfina, SPQR, Out the Door (Slanted Door's Pacific Heights foray), Via Veneto, Woodhouse, ROAM, The Grove, Elite Cafe, Bun Mee, Chouquet, Troya, Jane, and Bistro Florio are a just a few blocks away.  Two bars include Palmer's and Harry's, both on Fillmore. Shopping destinations include Black Sheep (Brooks Brothers' avant-garde label), Design within Reach, Mark Jacobs, Alice + Olivia, Benefit, Heidi Says, Elizabeth Charles, Kiehls, and MAC. There are two Starbucks and a Peets Coffee within 2 blocks, as well as  a Mollie Stone's (gourmet grocery store) within a block.  You are one and a half blocks from San Francisco's Alta Plaza park, with other walka
Wonderful central location. Great for staff or visitors of CPMC Pacific Campus hospital, as you can do week or month long rentals! One block up from Fillmore street with lots of shops and dining. Located in between two parks with fantastic views all around.
World famous Marina district is in a word, hot! It is the place to be in San Francisco, just ask any local. :) Ultra walkable, ultra stylish, ultra convenient.  Within seconds you find yourself on Union Street. Inhale the aura of Michelin restaurants, sexy bars, trendy boutiques, yoga, and of course proverbial brunch places.  While the culture and "life" hits you as soon as you turn the corner, the apartment is just far enough not to endure the side-effects of the action packed neighborhood. 
You can't beat this hood!  Shops and hip restaurants in every direction whether it's Fillmore St, Union, or Polk.  Fillmore Music Hall is also walking distance!
You will find that the home is in an excellent location, steps away from two of San Francisco's most beautiful parks-Lafayette, where it is said that Sir Conan Doyle wrote Sherlock Holmes, from his house overlooking the park- ans Alta Plaza, as well as a couple blocks to Fillmore and Polk streets, filled with cafes and shops, restaurants and bookshop & movie theatres.
You will love everything about this neighborhood! Fillmore St, the Presidio, the weather, the library, the JCC.... It is in the midst of the very upscale Sacramento Street shops- like Sue Fisher King, Button Down, Hudson Grace, Serena & Lily. Spruce Restaurant is where Obama dines when in town! Nico is our latest Michelin Star restaurant, the list goes on.
You will love this part of town; it is easy to hop public transport to get to the touristy parts but this is posh, local, SF. The shopping of union street, the bohemia of Polk street, the modernism of Fillmore Street are all 5 minute walks.