10 min walk to Dogpatch, Mission, SOMA. Walking distance to Whole Foods, Anchor Steam Brewery, Plow, Farley's Coffee, green drycleaners.  Newly remodeled public library a 10 min walk away.  Take a stroll to the community garden nearby or enjoy the best brunch in the city at Plow. Potrero Hill is known for its sunny weather, breathtaking downtown views, eclectic vibe, and community spirit.
A former working-class/industrial neighborhood 
A great quiet neighborhood and place to stay while in SF.  Close to south bay freeways, 280 & 101, SFO airport, downtown, restaurants, parks... There are a bunch of great restaurants including Italian, French, Mexican, Japanese, Vietnamese and American all within a few blocks. The best YOGA studio in the city is down the street. AT&T baseball park is walking distance.
A quiet charming neighborhood and place to stay while in SF.  1.5 miles (3KM) to Union Sq. downtown San Francisco;  2 blocks #10 & 19 Muni bus lines that connect all over the city.  Close to CalTran and south bay freeways, Palo Alto, Silicon Valley, 280 & 101. SFO airport is a 20 minute cab ride.   The neighborhood is hilly (this is San Francisco after all) but walking friendly and safe; Great local markets includes Whole Foods on 17th st., and The Good Life Grocery on 20th. Restaurant corridor on 18th street (5 blocks away)  includes Italian, French, Mexican, Japanese, Vietnamese and American. Yoga Tree SF,  studio & teaching academy is on 16th & Deharo, 7 blocks. AT&T baseball park is walking distance.
A true neighborhood atmosphere atop the hilly but sunniest part of SF, my apartment is situated away from the hustle and bustle of the city, where parking is plentiful and but only a 10 minute drive to downtown.
A variety of cafes / restaurants. Two local groceries and a library with an awesome Downtown view and free access to current magazines in addition to books. All within a few blocks. Walking distance (20-30 min) to Dogpatch, SOMA, the Mission.
Area is residential but well connected on public transport. 15 minute bus ride to the heart of the mission and 30 minutes to downtown.
At the moment, San Francisco's Dogpatch neighborhood is arguably the most up and coming neighborhood in the city. Many new restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and condo buildings have recently opened or have been completed and things are not slowing down. I love being in the combination of a quiet neighborhood but still in the city with so much within walking distance. AT&T Park, home of the SF Giants, is also just a mile away.
Community gardens, Chiotras Deli and convenient store, great cafes and eateries, an awesome public library, amazing views, and always sunny, this quiet neighborhood is relaxing and pretty to meander and explore. Along with the views, this is a true San Francisco hill, you'll want to have good shoes if you plan on exploring these parts for long!
Dogpatch is a State registered Historical District with many original Victorians and commercial buildings. It is also one of the newest and rapidly growing neighborhoods in the City. Great local cafes, restaurants,gyms,yoga,museums, shops, groceries are a short 5 minute walk as are UCSF Mission Bay Hospital and biotech center. ATT Park and the SF Waterfront are a short walk or bike ride .
Dogpatch is a mixed residential and industrial neighborhood with a fascinating history. We have 1 block from Minnesota Street Project - a big art gallery space with 12 galleries. A few blocks East is an old shipyard along the waterfront with an urban patina. One block North is a cute historic main street with restaurants and shops. Dogpatch is often noted in the media as an "up and coming" neighborhood in San Francisco.
Dogpatch is a neighborhood in San Francisco, California, roughly half industrial and half residential. It was initially a gritty working-class neighborhood, but has experienced rapid transformation since the 1990s. There are amazing restaurants and a wonderful climbing gym.
Dogpatch is a registered  State Historical District steeped  in rich San Francisco history.  Old timers say it got it's name from the wild dogs that used to roam around back when there were meat processing plants in the area. Dogpatch is also one of the newest neighborhoods in terms of development and now abounds with many excellent restaurants,bars,shops, galleries,museums, and of course high tech business. There are several gyms nearby as well as numerous yoga studios  and a rock climbing facility. Take a run or walk along the SF waterfront (five minutes from house) , to the famous  Ferry Building and Farmers Market or ATT Park. The UCSF Mission Bay biotech research center and the UCSF hospital are both a short walk from our house. Short 5 minute walk to all transportation options!
Dogpatch is a registered State Historical District and steeped in rich San Francisco history. Old timers say it got its name from all the wild dogs that used to roam around the area back when there were meat processing plants in the area. It is also one of the newest neighborhoods in terms of development and now abounds with many excellent restaurants, bars, shops, galleries, and museums. Take a run or walk along the SF waterfront (access two minutes from house) to the famous Ferry Building and Farmers Market or AT&T Park. Quick walk to all transportation options!
Dogpatch is a small historic neighborhood where Victorian cottages bump up against industrial brick warehouses, and a flourishing maker culture has been born. Almost every week a new cafe, bar or shop opens along 22nd St and 3rd, as the community is growing and thriving.
Dogpatch is a vibrant neighborhood with great restaurants, views and street parking.
Easy street parking. Nice views. Community Garden. McKinley Square. Sunny Potrero Hill.
Excellent location for getting around town while staying in a wine country atmosphere, or hang out close by and enjoy some of the finest restaurants and cafes in San Francisco. No kidding!
Excellent neighborhood location, views and restaurants. Challenging but fun hilly streets to walk through. Close proximity to downtown and two major highways (south and east).
First things first, there's great ice cream 10-minute walk away, Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous. Awesome brunch complete with beignets at Just For You. Goat Hill Pizza, Yield Wine Bar, La Fromagerie for cheeses, Philz Coffee and other great restaurants are minutes walk from home.
Great for runners and foodies, there're nice running routes, great restaurants and bars, ice cream shops, and rock-climbing gym
Great weather, views, restaurants and bars are all within walking distance (if you don't mind a couple hills).
I absolutely love walking around both 18th street and 3rd street. Plow on 18th is the best breakfast place in the entire city so get there early :) The most amazing pizza is Long Bridge Pizza on 3rd street. Piccino  is just around the corner, fabulous Italian food with a cute coffee and pastry shop attached. I've fallen in love with this area. It's full of trees, right next to cal trains, walking distance to the bay and full of amazing restaurants. You have a full view of the bay and a full view of the city scape from the top of the street.
I love this neighborhood and my guests say the same thing. There are great restaurants and cafes nearby, the sunniest weather in all of San Francisco, and easy access to all parts of town. The people here are really nice too. 
I'VE SPENT THE LAST 9 YEARS IN POTRERO HILL. I SELECTED THIS NEIGHBORHOOD AS IT IS THE SUNNIEST ONE IN SAN FRANCISCO.  POTRERO HILL HAS 3 BLOCKS WITH GREAT SHOPS, RESTAURANTS, AND CAFES. THE HOUSE IS ONE BLOCK FROM THIS GREAT LITTLE AREA. 
If you have dogs, note that there's a great dog park just a few blocks away. The neighborhood is very safe and note that there's a lot of street parking on the block. There are several excellent restaurants and bars right nearby. For example, the Dogpatch Saloon, Hardknox Cafe, Just For You Cafe, Piccino's, and Serpentine.
It is a distinct neighborhood, with easy access to all parts of SF and the Bay Area. It is an easy walk to the Mission and it's hubbub and upon return and you can look forward to resting and recouping in  a quieter place. A 10 minute walk takes you to a neighborhood enclave complete with 8 relatively affordable restaurants including Peruvian, Italian and French with  stunning views of the SF skyline.
It should be obvious from the name itself, it is a  HILLY neighborhood. But with that, you are rewarded with stunning views at every turn. Most of our guests appreciate the location for its close proximity to the downtown San Francisco and all its amenities as well as the vibrant Mission District, yet one can return at the end of the hectic day to a quiet and serene home. And those who enjoy Urban walk, the great Potrero Eateries are just 5 blocks away. Give yourself a treat of amazing meals at Chez Papa, Chez Maman, Farley's Coffee Shop, Goat Hill Pizza, and plenty other restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. Whole Foods Market is 6 blocks away (about 15 minutes' walk, up and down the hill).
It should be obvious from the name itself, it is a  HILLY neighborhood. But with that, you are rewarded with stunning views at every turn. Most of our guests appreciate the location for its close proximity to the downtown San Francisco and all its amenities as well as the vibrant Mission District, yet one can return at the end of the hectic day to a quiet and serene home. And those who enjoy Urban walk, the great Potrero Eateries are just 6 blocks away, up and down the hill. Give yourself a treat of amazing meals at Chez Papa, Chez Maman, Farley's Coffee Shop, Goat Hill Pizza, and plenty other restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. Whole Foods Market is 6 blocks away (about 15 minutes' walk, up and down the hill).
It's San Francisco, you can walk around our neighborhood and see the entire skyline, with some of the most sunny days.  Really can't complain, at all.
It's sunny and lovely with amazing dining and fun stores. Half a block to famous breakfast place (Plow), corner market, beloved coffeeshop and deli. Multiple outstanding restaurants within three blocks. Larger neighborhood boasts even more. Playground four blocks away. Whole Foods seven blocks.  One neighborhood away from both Mission and SOMA; three blocks from freeway for easy commutes. Super easy street parking too!
Located in the up and coming neighborhood of Potrero Hill, offering great views of the water, downtown skyline and surrounding area.  Short walks to buses, muni, and CalTrain, as well as close proximity to freeways 101 and 280.  Potrero Hill's main drag, complete with great food options, is just a block down from the unit. $5-6 dollar Uber pool ride to downtown as well.
Located on the northern slope on Potrero Hill with easy access to freeway, one block away for 280 north and south. Restaurants, Chez Mama (french), Aperto ( Italian), Mochica (Peruvian), Umi (Sushi), Pera (turkish), Goat Hill Pizza, Pepitos (mexican), Sunflower (Vietnamese), Chez Mama, Plow (very popular, yummy breakfast), couple of coffee and sandwich places, Hamburger place (Ganim's right across the street is also a market), a bigger market is 1 block away and they carry most essentials. There are also a few shops including a book store and a flower shop, all within 1 and 2 blocks and an easy walk. Many more places to eat on 3rd street, about 1 mile away. the whole food market is a little distance away, about a 15 minute walk.
Located on the real "crookedest" street in San Francisco, this duplex condo is in the Potrero Hill residential neighborhood, a short walk to McKinley Square Park and San Francisco General Hospital. The neighborhood is a good home base for visitors who like a quieter place to go back to at the end of the night, professionals, families.
My favorite article summarizing neighborhood highlights: (URL HIDDEN)
Not only does Potrero Hill have a lot to offer by itself, but it's walking distance to a lot of places you'd like to be: Design District, SoMa, Civic Center, and the Mission.
On 18th Street just a few steps away you'll find Farley's coffee shop, a corner market, a laundry mat, a bar, a wine store, a book store, gift store, clothing store and many restaurants including Hazels for sandwiches, Plow for breakfast & lunch, Chez Maman,
One of the least-mentioned aspects of this hill is that the surrounding freeways on both sides can be visually observed prior to making an onramp commitment into a stop-and-go freeway entrapment delay. This hill is also legendary for it's weather warmth and shelter from winds.
One of the safest areas in the city due to the low traffic. However, it is secretly one of the most convenient!  There are some great restaurants within a couple minutes walking from this apartment including Plow, Serpentine, Hard Knox,  If you want to do something active - 3rd Street Boxing or Dogpatch Boulders is right down the street. If you're looking for unique shopping - dogpatch has
Our home is located where Potrero Hill meets the growing Dogpatch neighborhood of SF.  Within walking distance, there are lots of new restaurants, bars, and breweries. There is also plenty of parking, highway access and several buses to get you where you want to go! If you love being near the center of everything SF has to offer but prefer quiet nights to recharge, this is the perfect spot for you!
Our home is located where Potrero Hill meets the growing Dogpatch neighborhood of SF. Within walking distance, there are lots of new restaurants, bars, and breweries. There is also plenty of parking, highway access and several buses to get you where you want to go! If you love being near the center of everything SF has to offer but prefer quiet nights to recharge, this is the perfect spot for you!
Our neighborhood (especially our street) offers easy parking, great views and some of the best weather in the city.
Our neighborhood, Potrero Hill, is an up and coming area that is thriving with success and that has brought new restaurants, whole food market, a 24-hour Safeway super market and many other businesses. We are right next to 'The Design Center', which houses some of the most famous stores in the world that this town has given birth to, and they are all open to the public.    Our flat is right off the Vermont Street 101 Freeway, but the noise will not be a concern at all.  It is close enough to access but far enough to avoid noise.
POTRERO - MISSION The Mission is perhaps the trendiest neighborhood of San Francisco, and this property is located just blocks away of the trendiest part of it (known as the Inner Mission) . A mix of hipsters, tech employees, and families who have lived in the area for generations; this area gives you a friendly view to a true cross-section of the city. Walking distance of this property you will have access to some of the hottest restaurants and bars in town; such as those located in the 24th street corridor; as well as bars like Trick Dog (20th street), Asiento (21st street), artisan restaurants like Central Kitchen (20th street), and legendary San Francisco eateries like Flour and Water (20th street). Of course the Mission also offers a large selection of restaurants serving authentic Mexican, Ecuadorian, Guatemalan and other ethnic foods at low prices. El Metate on Bryant and 22nd serves great home-made Mexican food. Coffee shops are abound in the Potrero-Mission area as well. We li
Po hill is AMAZING. Wouldn't change neighborhoods if you payed me. Known for being one of the sunniest neighborhoods in SF plus we have awesome views of the city.
Poterro is great.  Thw warmest neighborhood in SF.  You will be on the Bay side of the slope, with a small view of Dogpatch and Bayshore.  18th street in Potrero is a 5 minute walk, if that, with tons of restaurants, and shops.  And you are 5 minutes in the other direction from 22nd street in the Dogpatch.  There you have more restaurants, bars, gyms, and the route to Giants' Stadium and Soma.  
Potrero HIll is one of the oldest and most community oriented neighborhoods in the city.. Dogpatch is fastest growing scene for food, wine and chocolate.   Treelined streets boast some of the city's best coffee houses, restaurants and locally owned bookstore. Gorgeous views of SF from every street and a quick 15 minute walk into the city  or 3 minute train ride.   Formerly farm land Po Hill is the only neighborhood that didn't burn during the great quake of 1902.  The apt is nestled between Po Hill and Dogpatch ---the hottest growing neighborhood in the city with its amazing new eats along Third Street.
Potrero Hill boasts some of the best views of San Francisco. You will enjoy wonderful sunset views from the apartment.
Potrero Hill boasts the best weather in SF!  Parks, cafes, restaurants and the library within walking distance (although this IS Potrero Hill).
Potrero Hill has the best weather and views in San Francisco. I like the feeling of being a bit in the country (many trees, birds), but also really being in the City. There are excellent restaurants nearby (mostly on 18th Street or in Dogpatch), as well as some lovely unique small shops.
Potrero Hill has the best weather in San Francisco (the summer fog that engulfs the west and north ends of the city normally bypasses Potrero - it is one of the few sunny parts of San Francisco)  and the best views of downtown of any city neighborhood.  Its centrally located and easily accessible while being relatively quiet so you are not disturbed by typical city noise.  Mission/Valencia: the pedestrian bridge to Mission/Valencia is just half a block away.  We recommend walking half a block downhill, then turning left (west) on 18th Street to Mission/Valencia, 16th is a little grimy.  You will find a variety of restaurants and bars ... from trendy to ethnic in the Mission. 18th Street:  A concentration of quieter restaurants and bars if you walk half a block downhill and take a right (east) on 18th Street and walk 8-10 blocks (0.5 Miles/0.8KM).  Some of our favorites are:  Mochica (Peruvian), Chez Mama (French), Aperto (Italian), Goat Hill Pizza, Plow (Brunch).  A longish walk will g
Potrero Hill has the best weather, best views and best street parking in all of San Francisco, but is also very convenient (4 min drive) to 101 and 280 highway entrances.  Plenty of excellent restaurants and shopping nearby.
Potrero Hill is a famous residential neighborhood in San Francisco. It is very close to downtown and the famous sites of San Francisco like Moscone Center, Museum of Modern Art, Yerba Buena Center, Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, and Union Square. There is a large grocery store, Safeway, located on 16th Street and Potrero (about 6 blocks away) that is open 24 hours or Whole Foods Market is 3 blocks away. About 4 blocks away from the home are some very famous San Francisco restaurants located at 18th Street & Connecticut: Goat Hill Pizza, Pera, Chez Mama, Aperto, and Dogpatch neighborhood (right around the corner) has the hippest restaurants, Piccino, Just for you, Serpentine and many more. Starbucks is located 4 blocks away, and the famous local Philz coffee is located on 24th Street. There is a nice playground for small children two blocks up Vermont Street with beautiful views. San Francisco is a very small city.
Potrero Hill is a great neighborhood! It's quiet and perfect for relaxing, but also an easy commute to downtown and the sights of the city. Locals love Potrero Hill and all it has to offer, especially the amazing views of the city and our fun and quirky restaurants. Our apartment is within a 10-minute (albeit hilly!) walk to many locally owned bars and restaurants.
Potrero Hill is a hidden gem of San Francisco that is becoming more desirable to every San Franciscan. Not only do we get the most sun (we watch the fog roll in across the rest of the city with an evil laugh), but we have the best views due to our steep hills. Sunshine and views! We also have easy access to the 101 and 280 highways, making trips to Silicon Valley and the airport (and the football stadium if you are here for the superbowl!) very simple. The airport is a mere 15 minutes away. We have no traffic, are a residential neighborhood, and have excellent FREE parking. 18th street has an array of popular restaurants (including Plow, for the best breakfast, and Chez Maman, for a lovely french bistro lunch). Whole Foods is just a several block walk.
Potrero Hill is a neighborhood where you can find a breath of fresh air. It is surprisingly quiet for how close it is to everything.
Potrero Hill is a special and growing neighborhood in the city.  It provides easy access to the rest of San Francisco, as well as access via hwy or public transportation to the southbay
Potrero Hill is a true gem of a neighborhood and is my forever home. This is a place where the sun (almost) always shines and neighbors know each other by name. Residents are an eclectic mix ranging from families who have lived here for generations since the days when goats roamed the hill and boat building was the industry to artists and designers and to the more recent influx of tech entrepreneurs. 18th Street (or Downtown Potrero as I call it) is our restaurant and retail row and is a draw to residents and visitors from throughout SF. This is an easy walk from the house as is 20th Street where guests can shop like locals at the Good Life and other markets. Heaven on Earth!
Potrero Hill is a very local neighborhood in the South-East section of San Francisco. I live on top of the hill facing north with lovely views downtown. There are several areas with restaurants and markets within walking distance down the hill. The Potrero Hill Recreation Center is right across the street, 18th Street is 5-10 minutes down to the North, The Mission is 15 minutes walk to the west, and the Dogpatch is 5-10 minutes walk east. This is a quiet part of town away from downtown, but very close and easily accessible to many points of interest.
Potrero Hill is a very popular neighborhood, with the most sunshine in the city, great views and two village-like streets full of restaurants and shops. Parking is free, if not always very plentiful.  Carolina Street is particularly attractive with its central median of bushes and trees. Please note, however, that it is hilly round here! So don't be surprised that you may have a (short but healthy!!) walk to and from public transport. If you want to be able to walk to night clubs, cinemas and large shops, etc., this quiet and peaceful neighborhood is not for you. As I said, we do have great restaurants and local shops nearby, however!
Potrero Hill is an amazing location in the city. The neighborhood is perched on a hill (hence the name) so you have an amazing view of the city right when you walk out of the door. 18th street, which is just a block away, is a street lined with many cute restaurants such as Chez Maman (Known for burgers), Plow (known for brunch), Goat Hill Pizza (Mondays are all you can eat pizza) etc. There are also many walkable coffee shops including Philz and Farley's. Potrero Hill is right under SOMA, to the right of the Mission District and to the left of Mission Bay/Dogpatch. It is a perfect neighborhood to get to all the other popular districts around San Francisco.
Potrero Hill is conveniently located just across Hwy 101 from the Mission District where you can find great Mexican and South American food, or also some cool bars and pubs. On the North side of the hill is 20th street (a couple of natural food markets and wine shop) and 18th street (cafes, pizza, italian, Vietnamese, Mediteranean, French, and a breakfast place).
Potrero Hill is great! You should definitely check out 18th St. and the restaurants there. Sunflower has wonderful (and cheap) takeout. Since we're on the south west side of Potrero, 24th St. in the Mission is only a few minutes away on foot. Well worth a visit.
Potrero Hill is know for the best views of the San FranciscoBay and downtown.  Very convenient location: 2 blocks to Caltrain, bus 22, T-line,freeways I-80 and 280, South Bay.  Great restaurants along 18th Street, groceries, cafes, library, parks is just 5 minutes walk. Very short walk to the UCSF/Misison Bay. 20 minutes by foot to Zynga, Airbnb HQ, design center, downtown and Mission District. Around 7 minute taxi to downtown, #22 bus just 1 block away will bring you to downtown. T-line will take you to historic Embarcadero, Fisherman Wharf.
Potrero Hill is known as one of the sunniest parts of San Francisco.  If you love warm weather, you will definitely want to take advantage of the backyard and deck.  The Mission, Design District, SOMA, and the Ballpark are just a short walk or bus ride away!
Potrero Hill is known for its sunny weather, breathtaking downtown views, eclectic vibe, and community spirit.
Potrero Hill is known for its sunny weather, great views of the city, easy access to both 101 and 280 (only 15 minutes from SFO), and close proximity to the Mission, Dogpatch and SoMa. Lots of great restaurants, bars and live music venues just 2 blocks from our house including Mexican, Vietnamese, Peruvian, Italian, French, Pizza, Sushi and brunch.
Potrero Hill is known for stunning views of the San Francisco Bay and city skyline from its crest, its close proximity to many destination spots, and its hills. Potrero Hill is located in the southeastern part of San Francisco offering the best weather in the city. The hub of Potrero Hill is the 18th Street corridor that features many trendy restaurants. Farley's Cafe is a favorite gathering spot and Bloom's Saloon has one of the most dramatic views of downtown San Francisco.  This combination of factors has made it a favorite of those that know the city well. It also has an attractive mix of architectural styles, from the typical Victorians that you would expect at it lowest elevations, to condos on its eastern end, and newer more interesting buildings and homes along the crown of the hill--where north facing panoramic views of the city bring local residents and even an occasional film crew. Potrero Hill's rapidly growing neighborhoods Dogpatch and Central Waterfront are a five minute
Potrero Hill is like a village within the city. Connecticut & 18th boasts at least 10 different restaurants. we have coffee shops and small groceries galore, and if you venture down into the Mission District, which is a short walk, you have a huge range of everything you could want.
Potrero Hill is like being in the Country in the middle of a City. Lots of greenery, more sunshine than anywhere else in town, terrific restaurants, views, shops and boutiques are all close at hand. Plus it's convenient to get to other parts of town or the Bay Area, being very centrally located.
Potrero Hill is not only known for its sun but also easy access to the hot Mission District, AT&T Park, and Downtown - all are walkable and the area is well served by city transit.  Sitting between highways 101 and 280 access to the rest of the city and the entire Bay Area is easy. Ample street parking is plentiful and does not require a permit.
Potrero Hill is not only known for its sunny weather but also  for its friendly vibe.  A variety of restaurants and bars are in walking distance.  Whole Foods is an easy amble down (and up!) the hill.  The Mission District is close by too.  85 Walk Score! If you're interested in San Francisco Giants Tickets I have 2 tickets in the Bleachers section.  Let me know if you're interested and the specific date. I'll send you my custom GoGoBot guidebook (works on smartphones too), links to nearby transit routes as well as promo codes for discounted rides on Uber and Lyft (only good for new users of the service).  
Potrero Hill is not only known for its sunny weather but also  for its friendly vibe.  A variety of restaurants and bars are in walking distance. 85 Walk Score! Whole Foods is an easy amble down (and up!) the hill.  And the Mission District beckons to the West. I'll send you my custom GoGoBot guidebook (works on smartphones too), links to nearby transit routes, as well as promo codes for discounted rides on Uber and Lyft (only good for new users of the service). 
Potrero Hill is not only known for its sunny weather but also  for its friendly vibe.  A variety of restaurants and bars are in walking distance. Whole Foods is an easy amble down (and up!) the hill.  And the Mission District beckons to the West.  85 Walk Score!  If you're interested in San Francisco Giants Tickets I have 2 tickets in the Bleachers section.  Let me know if you're interested and the specific date. I'll send you my custom GoGoBot guidebook (works on smartphones too), links to nearby transit routes, as well as promo codes for discounted rides on Uber, Flywheel, and Lyft (only good for new users of the service). 
Potrero Hill is one of San Francisco's hidden gems. We have great weather, lovely views and feel like a small town within the Big City. Except we have wonderful restaurants and cafes within walking distance. My Guidebook lists many of them and I'll provide you a detailed list in your room.
Potrero Hill is one of the best neighborhoods in the city! It's sunny here even when most of San Francisco is shrouded under fog and is known for being a friendly, residential yet urban neighborhood. There are charming restaurants, bars and coffee shops, stylish shops, live music venues and various parks and playgrounds, all within easy walking distance of the condo. When you are here, you feel tucked away from it all, yet SF city center is just 10 minutes away and Mission district is an easy walk down 23rd street.
Potrero Hill is one of the friendliest neighborhoods in the city and many of its residents move to the area to be close to the city but also to be in a more quiet location.   On 18th and 20th street (10 min walk from the house) guests will find plenty of restaurants and shops and Whole foods is located close by as well. Several busses go to downtown or to the Mission and Noe Valley. It is easy to find parking in the area and there are no parking restrictions. Guests coming to Potrero Hill should be prepared for the steep hills and not minding some exercise walking up and down.  The best and most beautiful part of Potrero Hill is the stunning views of the city with beautiful sunsets.
Potrero Hill is one of the last remaining neighborhoods with no chain stores- all of our restaurants are locally owned and many of the recipes have been handed down from the grandparents- French/ Italian/ Vietnamese/ and Peruvian and Mediterranean. A true gourmet ghetto is just out the door. We're also the sunniest area in SF- so bring layers to wear because the evenings can be cool and other areas can be cold!
Potrero Hill is one of the most warm and sunny San Francisco neighborhoods. With a variety of unique restaurants walking distance away, you couldn't get bored.
Potrero Hill is one of the most warm and sunny neighborhoods in San Francisco. There are a variety of unique restaurants within walking distance.
Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest and most beautiful neighborhoods in San Francisco, with stunning views in almost every direction. The room is in easy walking distance to cafes, restaurants, a bookstore, bakery, gourmet grocery, a great public library and shops. Tennis courts, and a lovely park are 1/2 block away. Easy street parking. The apartment is on a quiet residential street facing lovely historic victorian homes.  Goat Hill Pizza, Chez Mama (casual french) , Pera (mediterranean), Aperto (italian), Sunflower (asian), and Papito (upscale mexican) restaurants are all within 2 or 3 blocks. Thinker's Cafe and Farley's are the best nearby coffee shops. Plow restaurant is also close and has an exceptional brunch. The Good Life organic gourmet grocery market is one block away as well.
Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in SF. It is quiet, and only a 5 minute drive from the Valencia/Mission Street corridor of restaurants and bars. Only 15 min drive to SFO airport. Easy access to 280/101. Perfect for folks travelling down to south bay. The house is a 5 minute drive from Whole foods on Rhode Island. Bus 19 also stops at Whole foods and right across house. 
Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco with popular restaurants and bars close by. Library, cafes and grocery store are only footsteps away.
Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco, located on the eastern side of the peninsula and flanked by the San Francisco Bay. It is insulated from the fog and chill of the Pacific Ocean that is typical on the western side of the city. It is a residential neighborhood and not considered a tourist destination.  It is a very convenient location due to its proximity to offices, shopping, dining, entertainment, freeways and a Caltrain station.  Despite being surrounded by busy neighborhoods, Potrero Hill is quiet and sleepy.
Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco.  The neighborhood is relatively quiet with spectacular views of downtown, the East Bay, San Bruno Mountains, and neighborhoods to the West (the Mission and Noe Valley).
Potrero Hill is one of the warmest neighborhoods in San Francisco. It usually stays sunny throughout the day and into the early evening unlike other parts of San Francisco.  Potrero Hill offers sweeping views of downtown and the Bay Bridge and you will often see people taking photos from the top of the hill in this picturesque neighborhood.  Nearby 18th Street offers a series of restaurants, shops and coffee shops or you can or you can head down 20th to the Dogpatch neighborhood and explore the little city park and restaurants there.  You will get your exercise walking around this neighborhood.  There is a library, art galleries, gyms, yoga studios, manicure salons, playgrounds and rock clubs. There is a small well stocked food store, Good Life Grocery, around the corner and a Whole Foods near by. The neighborhood is very safe and the neighbors are friendly.
Potrero Hill is the sunniest neighborhood in San Francisco!  in the summertime, when much of the city is covered in chilly fog, our neighborhood usually has sunshine. The neighborhood has great views and it's very quiet but, yet, you can quickly get downtown or to the trendy (but rowdy) Mission District. We have an assortment of great local restaurants within walking distance (we provide restaurant menus and a map), and you can even organize a tour of San Francisco's most famous historic brewery, Anchor Steam, which is a few blocks away. There are 2 markets and a great little organic grocery store within an easy walk. We have a great bookstore, independent coffee houses and cute shops on the main business street in the neighborhood. See photos of them in the photo section of our listing.
Potrero Hill is the sunniest neighborhood in the city with tons of great restaurants, a Whole Foods and Safeway within walking distance, cure coffee shops and lots of parks!  It's rather quiet, but it is only a Lyft/Uber, Bus, Walk or Bike Ride away to the Mission, Soma, and Dogpatch.  SF is so easy to commute in that you really don't have a problem getting anywhere.
Potrero Hill is the sunniest part of San Francisco, and feels like a village within the City, with lots of trees and gardens. There are great restaurants, boutiques, coffee shops, and wonderful views.
Potrero Hill is truly a gem in San Francisco. We are the sunniest neighborhood in the city, so if catching some rays is on your agenda, our location is ideal. Nothing is more satisfying than having a glass of wine on our deck after work as we watch the rest of the city become engulfed in fog! Because we are on a big hill, we have breathtaking views of the city skyline that makes us feel a world away from the city’s hustle and bustle, though we are under 10 minute ride to the heart of the action. Under a mile to our west is the Mission district, known for its hip bars and restaurants and funky scene. Under a mile to our north is the SOMA district (South of Market), which is home to the AT&T park in case you want to catch a SF Giants baseball game while you are in town. SOMA also hosts several start-ups, including Airbnb headquarters and other high profile internet companies. Under a mile to the east of Potrero Hill is the Dogpatch district, which is an up and coming neighborhood along t
Potrero Hill offers the best of all worlds ... easy access to the hustle and bustle of downtown, but with a feeling of peace and separation from the fray. Potrero is a family-friendly, dog-friendly and tight-knit community full of friendly faces.  This neighborhood also boasts the best weather in San Francisco - it's often sunny and warm while the rest of SF is blanketed in fog.  Just two blocks away from the house on 20th Street is the beautifully-constructed Potrero Hill Library, Prim Nail Salon and gourmet, organic Good Life Grocery. Within walking distance on 18th Street and its many renowned restaurants (Chez Maman, Plow, Umi, Goat Hill Pizza, Papito and Mochica, to name a few) are just a few additional blocks away. Whole Foods, Philz Coffee and YogaTree are also walking distance away at 16th Street. From a business perspective, Potrero Hill is fast becoming a hot tech and business zone. Zynga, Airbnb HQ, Adobe, UCSF Mission Bay and the 444 De Haro Building are all in the neighbor
Potrero hill is remarkably central - yet quiet neighborhood in SF.   It's just 2-3 miles from downtown, within walking distance of UCSF Mission Bay, and very convenient to both 101 and 280 freeways.  People love the secluded neighborhood feel of Potrero Hill, while still being central to SF.
Potrero is a quiet, residential neighborhood that borders right on the edge of excitement. The Design District, SOMA, and the Ballpark are a short walk or bus ride away, but you can also enjoy a quiet afternoon taking in the panoramic views in McKinley Square, four blocks away, or spend the evening in one of the local cafes, less than 10 minutes away. Anchor Brewery, San Francisco's historic brewery with roots in the Gold Rush days, is a stone's throw from your front door and offers two free tours a day during the week, with reservations ahead of time.
Potrero is a sunny and calm neighborhood, that is close to the stores, coffee shops, and bars of the mission, or the businesses of SOMA or downtown. 
Potrero is as warm as it gets in San Francisco, and situated in a location that's great for both living and traveling.   Whole Foods is down the hill, 1/4 mile, and it closes at 10PM every night. For a quick snack, there's a "center store" across the street with a good variety of food, and beer and wine. This closes at 7pm (5pm on Sundays).  For something more, there are 10+ restaurants only 1/2 mile away. It's an incredibly hilly walk that also includes incredible city and bay views. (20th & Wisconsin is a classic wedding shot because it has no power lines.) Coming home is mostly uphill, and will take you twice as long. (Unless you cab it, which is NOT judged by locals!)
Potrero is one of the great neighborhoods in San Francisco. It's sunny here even when most of San Francisco is shrouded in fog. You can enjoy panoramic views of downtown and the bay as you walk around the neighborhood and are greeted as you pass people. Lot's of cafes, restaurants, and shops to explore. A great place to take local walks or even to the Mission district but too far from from the Northeast or Northwest side of town for walking to tourist destinations like Fisherman's Wharf and the Cliff House.
Potrero is quiet and sunny; but a 15 minute walk to the Mission or to the Dogpatch, and a 10-15 minute bus ride to the heart of the city. 
Potrero is the sunniest neighborhood in San Francisco! The feel of the area is very relaxed and friendly.  There are many gourmet restaurants within walking distance of the house and it is very centrally located to downtown, Noe Valley, Castro District, The Mission, Embarcadero.  Parking is San Francisco is usually an issue but in Potrero there is a lot of parking.
Quiet neighborhood with beautiful views, great restaurants, and in walking distance to the bustling mission neighborhood. Potrero is known as the sunniest neighborhood in the city.
Quiet neighborhood. Don't worry about too much noise from bars, restaurants, or partying. Please note the street will often have cars driving by, and there is a gym downstairs which can be a bit loud during the day.
Quiet street in family-oriented neighborhood. Amazing views!!! Warmest and sunniest part of San Francisco. Very close to organic groceries and best organic restaurant in the city.
Quiet, charming, great neighborhood cafes and restaurants, accessible to city center, ball park, Dogpatch, CalTrain, The Mission. Whole Foods nearby.
SAN FRANCISCO – Dogpatch is proof that good things come in small packages. The charming microhood was largely industrial for years, but has become a budding enclave of artisans and craftsmen. The area maintains a sleepy, untouched vibe on the surface — with palpitating creativity at the core. The historic district is home to some of the city’s oldest structures and Victorian cottages. Pier 70 is an existing shipyard and industrial site that supported both World Wars and manufactured supplies for the Gold Rush and Transcontinental Railway. The Noonan Building at Pier 70 is now studio space. The area is also becoming the epicenter of micro-manufacturing, with the American Industrial Center (once the old American Can Factory) divided into work spaces that act as incubators for makers of all kinds, from designers and engineers to chefs, artists, and manufacturers.  
Safe neighborhood with easy access to downtown by public transit. Lots of cool shops and restaurants.
Some of my favorite neighborhood spots: Farley's (cafe) Thinker's Cafe Chez Maman Papito Live Sushi Sunflower Yield Wine Bar Chocolate Lab (for dessert) Mission Rock Resort (great outdoor brunch on a sunny day) Whole Foods is only a 5 minute walk 
Sun and views.. Potrero is famous for being the  warmest & sunniest (usually 10 degrees warmer that the rest of the city), and the best views of the city. It's centrally located to get anywhere you want to go, has a great local neighborhood for anything you need, but is also relaxing and mellow  to come home to after a busy day on the town.
Sunlight and warmth best describe Dogpatch. It is an unusual neighborhood for it's mixture of residences, businesses and manufacturing. The shopping tends toward the unusual.  If you like hand made clothes, bags or furniture we have that along with other locally manufactured items. Dogpatch has a mix of good restaurants, bars and cafes. Parking is relatively easy in the evening. Weekdays during the day parking is much more difficult to find due to increases in employees coming to work.      Dogpatch is named for feral dogs that roamed the neighborhood when slaughterhouses and tanneries were located here. It was for years home to San Francisco's shipbuilding and manufacturing. Dogpatch is now a major bio-tech research center and technology hub.       There are small parks within walking distance and across the street is a basketball court. Down the block at 22nd and Minnesota is a small children's playground. One block north is Esprit Park where residents and visitors come to relax and 
Sunniest neighborhood in the city! In summer fog is very very heavy in San Francisco.
Sunniest spot in San Francisco and pretty quiet with some cute stores, cafes and restaurants :)
Sunny Potrero Hill is known to have some of the best weather in the city!  From our place it's a 10 minute walk uphill to Potrero Hill restaurants and a 10 minute walk downhill to the great taquerias in the Mission district.
Sunny and quiet area.  Safeway and Wholefood near by.  Walking distance to Mission District.
Sunny, easy parking, and close walk to the Mission. 
Sunny, friendly, easy access to neighborhood, downtown conventions, freeway access, Mission, and close to BART/Caltrain for tech companies to south.
Sunny, quiet, and safe area.  Safeway and Wholefood near by.  Walking distance to Mission District.
Sunny, quiet, easy access to major freeways, lots of restaurants and cafes close by, big green park one  block away, Whole Foods 5 minutes walk, easy street parking. 
Super Bowl City (2.8 miles). Union Square (2.2 miles). Whole Foods Market (0.3 miles). Great restaurant area (0.1 miles). A park with a playground, tennis court, basketball court, and soccer field (0.2 miles). Anchor Steam Brewery (0.4 miles).
The Dogpatch is a burgeoning art district with many new and old bars, restaurants - sushi, French, Italian, Vietnamese, on-the-water seafood, Peruvian, salvadorean, pizza, brewery and wine bar are ALL within walking distance. There's even a bookstore that sells real books :)
The Dogpatch is a historic SF neighborhood, currently undergoing a hot trend with lots of new restaurants. It's on the Bay, so we enjoy great water views as well as great weather. It's very convenient to Potrero Hill, SOMA and downtown. 
The Dogpatch is a super cool and creative neighborhood.  Lots of quirky little design shops, great bars and restaurants, Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous ice cream is a must.  Try the beignets at Just for You, and the sourdough pizza from Longbridge.  We also have an exceptional bouldering gym, and boxing gym if you're feeling brave.
The Dogpatch is an amazing area. There are several superb restaurants (Serpentine, Piccino), two of the best brunch places in the city (Just for You Cafe, Plow) within a 10 minute walk, and some great bars as well. There's also an artisanal butcher, one of the best ice cream places ever, and a winery, just to name a few. AT&T Park is about a 20 min walk away, as is the Embarcadero/Bay Bridge.
The North Slope of Potrero Hill is known for its spectacular views of the SF city skyline, the Bay Bridge, and the SF Bay, its beautiful sunny weather – warmest neighborhood in San Francisco, and its bounty of hip and diverse restaurants, coffee shops, and shops.  Think of Potrero Hill as a little city within the city, with its own cool vibe, and friendly people too!  This residential neighborhood is great for both living and traveling.
The Potrero Hill district is one of the most unique neighborhoods in San Francisco and has gone through several changes from working class to the newer family oriented direction since the 1990's Potrero Hill is one of the sunniest neighborhoods in San Francisco.  It is insulated from our famous fog and chill from the ocean and gives some of the most spectacular views of downtown and the bay bridge.  If you are up for a few hills it can be a great walking experience and the ever growing "hub" of 18th street is always a great place to start a day. One of the best parts of Potrero Hill is that it is a neighborhood further from the "hustle and bustle" so it has a quiet and sleepy feel but you are never more than a few minutes from the fray.
The Potrero Hill neighborhood is known for having some of the best weather San Francisco. Also great restaurants, parks and amenities in the near vicinity. Whole Foods is just a few hilly blocks away!
The Potrero Hill neighborhood is known for having the best weather in the districts of San Francisco.  It boast amazing views from the top of the hill (just up the street).
The apartment is situated in a historic neighborhood of Portrero Hill, an area with artist's lofts, cafes, and wine bars, coffee shops, restaurants, Pizzerias, Premium-craft breweries, Piccino and philz coffee, The Neighhborhood Bakeky, Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous gourmet ice cream shop, the Ramp and Mission Rock Restaurants for lunch, dinners, brunches and happy hours on the bayfront. All are within a few blocks' stroll, and Esprit Park is right outside the door. And neighborhood gets more sunshine than any other neighborhood in San Francisco to enjoy it all!
The building is located in Dogpatch which is one of the fastest evolving areas in SF right now. There a couple great restaurants walking distance, Serpentine and Piccino. There is also a winery, a great cheese store, a butcher, and a brewery right below the building.  Just a couple blocks away from the building you'll find some of the best ice cream in the city. The place is called Mr and Mrs Miscellaneous.
The cottage is a block away from 18th Street which is the lifeline of Potrero Hill. Here we have an abundance of popular organic and local restaurants, convenience stores, Fedex and UPS depots, cafes and even a neighborhood bookstore ! We are also 7 minutes walking distance to the new UCSF Benioff Childrens Hospital on 4th Street. We have had many guests who work at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) and the cottage is a mere 5 minute walk to the (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) terminal at Jackson Playground in Potrero Hill. It is in close proximity to other Silicon Valley pick up points.
The house is a block away from 18th Street which is the lifeline of Potrero Hill. Here we have an abundance of popular organic and local restaurants, convenience stores, Fedex and UPS depots, cafes and even a neighborhood bookstore ! We are also 7 minutes walking distance to the new UCSF Benioff Childrens Hospital on 4th Street. We have had many guests who work in Silicon Valley and the cottage is a mere 5 minute walk to the shuttle terminal at Jackson Playground in Potrero Hill. It is in close proximity to other Silicon Valley pick up points.
The loft is located in a vibrant neighborhood called Dogpatch with many good restaurants and bars in walking distance. It's also conveniently located near Potrero Hill, the Mission, AT&T Park, and the 280.
The neighborhood has great restaurants on 18th Street as well as an independent book store, organic grocery, clothing shops, coffee shop with magazine stand. The street boasts Victorians as well a more modern designs. The Hill, like most of San Francisco, is a place where people should be mindful of their surroundings, as well as not leaving anything of interest visible in their cars. 
The neighborhood has some parks and is very hilly...makes for a killer workout! Potrero Hill has also been labeled "the sunniest part of San Francisco" as it is one of the most elevated neighborhoods in the city with beautiful vistas.
The north slope of Potrero Hill is a residential neighborhood known for its sweeping views of downtown San Francisco Bay and city skyline, its close proximity to many destination spots, its sunny weather (sunniest neighborhood in all of San Francisco), and for having convenient access to two freeways and a Caltrain station.   We are located on the north slope of Potrero hill where you have  wonderful views of the Bay bridge and the bay, and full use of the beautiful landscape backyard (shared) with even better views.   It is only a few blocks to WholeFoods and local restaurants/bars and shops.  Also we're just a few blocks south of the SF Design Center; the SF Giants baseball stadium is half hour walk away.
The north slope of Potrero Hill is know for its sweeping views of downtown San Francisco, sunny weather (sunniest in all of San Francisco) and easy access to the best parts of town. We also have some of the City's most excellent restaurants just a block away. The neighborhood is a cool mix of homes and businesses, some warehouses, and lofts. 
The street intersection 3 doors down each day has at least 3 photographers who photograph wedding couples against the background of both GG and BAY bridges. Our neighborhood has a distinct character, great library, terrific restaurants and interesting shops-- in addition to the view, of course.
The sun bursts through the fog Potrero Hill before most of the rest of San Francisco, and many people who live here are "lifers."  Though the neighborhood is mostly residential, its proximity to hip neighborhoods like the Mission, Dogpatch, Bernal Heights and Castro keep it extremely alive. A huge Starr King Open Space is just a block away with dogs frolicking, wild flowers and birds fluttering. You can walk out the door to buy wine or craft beers, sit at a sidewalk table on 18th St for lunch, or just meander around the hills for breathtaking views of the Bay, City lights or the Mission Valley.
The sunshine, the views, the convenience to downtown and the beach. Potrero is one of the coolest neighborhoods in the city. Tourists don't usually come here, so it has a real locals feel. Yet you can be in the mission or Soma in five minutes. I love being close to the action yet being quiet and relaxed at home.
There are at least eleven restaurants within walking distance, deli's, coffee shops, the library, grocery stores, including Whole Foods, a pub, a health club and all the public transportation you could ask for!
There are many steep hills in our neighborhood, but they are good for exercise if you are on foot AND the downtown views are amazing. 18th street to the east has good restaurants, cafés and a few little boutiques. Plow is our favorite breakfast place! You must put your name on the list early, then grab a coffee at Farley's before your table is ready. 18th street to the west has a Blue Bottle Coffee bar and then the Mission District which is full of food + culture. If you prefer to stock up on groceries, Whole Foods is only 1.5 blocks away. McKinley Square park is two blocks up the hill and has beautiful views to the west/Twin Peaks.  Here is a great article about Potrero Hill if you would like to know more! (website hidden)
There is a great park across the street with tennis, playgrounds, basketball, free Zumba, yoga and Pilates. The local organic market is three blocks away. Whole Foods is 8 blocks away. It's a very local vibe here and super convenient to everything the Bay Area has to offer.
There is a wholefoods about 3 blocks down and lots of restaurant and shops in the mission area. Neighborhood is also very quiet and family oriented. Lots of dogs near the park.
This is an awesome, traditional San Francisco neighborhood.  There are some of the best restaurants in town a few blocks in either direction.  A few of our favorites are Umi for Sushi, Plow for brunch, and Flour + Water for fresh local eats.
This is one of San Francisco's best-kept-secret neighborhoods. There are some of the best restaurants in town a few blocks in either direction including Umi Sushi, Plow for brunch, Whole Foods, and Philz Coffee :-)
This location is close to everything!!  Whole Foods is 3 blocks away and there is a strip of excellent restaurants down about 5 blocks.  The BART station is also walking distance (20 min) or a short taxi/bus ride.  We also have a bike you could borrow if you like.
This location is near freeway access and is the heart of the city.  Easy to get downtown by walking or public transit.  1 mile to SF Bay or downtown SF.
This loft is directly across the street from The Ramp restaurant and bar. This is one of the best weekend brunch places in the city!
This neighborhood is nicely located on the east side of San Francisco with easy access to US 101 and 280. There are many nice shops and restaurants to choose form. Also, you will be in walking distance to AT&T Park Home of the San Francisco Giants MLB and New Warriors Stadium NBA.
Two blocks from 18th St. w/numerous Zagat-rated restaurants, grocery, library, and recreation parks.  Meter free street parking.
View, cleanliness, community, convenience
Views, views, views, and sun! The fog doesn't come here. We have a friendly, neighborhood vibe, and the best, affordable hidden cafes and restaurants in the city. Two doors away is a park with public tennis courts, recreation center and awe-inspiring San Francisco Bay and city views.
Views, views, views. Potrero Hill is nested above downtown, with the best  San Francisco weather and astonishing San Francisco Bay and downtown views.  As a sunny neighborhood where you can usually find an open parking space, Potrero Hill defies San Francisco stereotypes.  Potrero Hill has a distinct neighborhood feel and is adjacent to Mission Bay, South of Market and the Mission.  We're also home to innovative, tech companies including airbnb, and walking distance to the new UCSF Mission Bay campus.
We absolutely love Potrero Hill and the neighboring Mission district and highly recommend exploring the neighborhoods.   Within just a few short blocks of the front door is the tree-lined Mission 24th Street known as "the heart of the Mission" where you're surrounded by good eats, culture, and nightlife.
We are in Potrero HIll, one of the hottest neighborhood in San Fran.  Partly due to its proximity to the downtown, and partly due to the cool and trendy neighborhood on 18th street, full of amazing restaurants , cafes, and bars.  Pretty much anywhere you go on this street will be top notch.  I will add more here later.
We are located across the street from a charming Community Garden and less than half a block from a hilltop park and play ground with views of Twin Peaks, the Golden Gate Bridge and Mt.Tamilpais. Potrero Hill is famous for its panoramic city and Bay views and its sunny warm weather. Its location is perfect--only minutes from downtown, financial center, Moscone Center, Civic Center, museums, the ballpark and close to the airport as well. The Hill is home to excellent restaurants, shops, cafes, and Whole Foods Market. Safeway super market is also nearby.
We are right on 18 St just blocks from downtown Potrero and a short walk in to the Mission. Easy access to SOMA and the ballpark.
We love our neighborhood!  Sunny Potrero hill is a beautiful San Francisco neighborhood with historic details such as cobblestone from before the 1906 quake. Our home is located on a unique and quiet street surrounded by friendly neighbors. There is a nearby district on 18th street (we are at 24th) with delicious restaurants and interesting shops.
We love our neighborhood, Potrero Hill, which is the sunniest neighborhood in SF!  This quiet neighborhood hugs the curves of the city’s eastern hills, offering stunning views of the Financial District and the SF Bay. While Potrero Hill is home base for many laid-back local haunts and casual music venues, this polite area leaves it to nearby neighborhoods like SOMA and the Mission District to provide edgier entertainment options.
What don't I love about Potrero Hill? This quiet neighborhood has mild weather, wonderful neighbors, amazing restaurants and bars (try Plow for breakfast or lunch, Piccino or Serpentine for dinner, Dogpatch Saloon or Bloom's for a drink, Farley's for a coffee).  Amazing views of downtown SF from the top of Texas Street (there are often modeling shoots there for this very backdrop).
What we love most about our neighborhood is that it is very quaint and such a gem! It's very close to a few other poppin' neighborhoods. It's centrally located and very easy to access public transportation from where we are. We have grand views of the city from our balcony too!
Where we are is always sunny, quiet vibe with easy access to the lively heart of San Francisco! Parking is free around our area and there are streets just up the hill that will let you park all day. Great restaurants up or down the hill within 5-10 minutes walking, including 3 breweries!
Whether you're coming to visit the city for fun or here to attend a conference, the Dogpatch is an awesome place to be.  The Dogpatch is loved by San Franciscans for it's combination of peaceful quiet, artsy vibes, and great transportation options.   What used to be warehouses and factories have now been converted into live-in artist studios, trendy co-working spaces, and hip restaurants.  Foodies are flocking to Dogpatch from all over SF on the weekends to eat here. Seriously within a 5-10 min walk you can get some of SF's best Sushi, Spanish tapas, classic burritos, yummy Mediterranean food, Sunday brunch,  artisanal Italian pizza, cocktails, French cuisine, Southern Comfort food, upper-scale Mexican, and even traditional American food (burgers by the waterfront at The Ramp).
you will enjoy my neighborhood with great nearby restaurants, cafes, specialty shops and Boulder climbing gym, pretty running trail along the embacadero