"Hayes Valley is a haven for haute couture, with trendy fashion boutiques, SoHo-style art galleries, top-notch restaurants and hip nightspots." — (URL HIDDEN) "Craft coffee drinkers, urban farmers, and casual bar hoppers characterize Hayes Valley, a fashionable neighborhood in the center of San Francisco. Pop-up restaurants, cool boutiques, and independent bookstores make Hayes Valley the object of envy. Jealous neighbors aren’t the only things that are green in this trendy local favorite—playgrounds and artsy park spaces occupy the medians of this stylish neighborhood’s inviting streets." Airbnb
(URL HIDDEN)
(URL HIDDEN) https://www.airbnb.com/locations/san-francisco/lower-haight
**Ample free street parking in close proximity (unrestricted from 4p-10a M-F and all day on weekends); free unrestricted street parking two blocks away.** •  94 Walk Score •  80 Transit Score •  82 Bike Score •  Truly centrally located  •  Safe to walk day or night and considered one of the most "up and coming" districts in the City •  Near all tech firm shuttles (Divisidero) • 5 blocks to Panhandle Park • 3 blocks to Alamo Square Park ('Painted Ladies') •  Golden Gate Park less than half mile away •  Walking distance to Independent and Fillmore music venues •  Walking distance to Sundance/Kabuki theatre •  Plentiful, fantastic restaurants within walking distance (e.g. Nopa, Little Star Pizza, Green Chile Kitchen, Bar Crudo...and more) •  Excellent grocery choices (Green Earth Grocery, Bi-Rite, Faletti's, Safeway, Luckys) •  Fun, cozy bars in the neighborhood (Minibar, Madrone Art Bar, The Page) •  Just down the hill from University of San Francisco
*Quiet cul de sac in friendly neighborhood *Steps away from grassy park with 2 playgrounds and Recreational Center *Very family-friendly neighborhood *Quaint shops, grocery stores and restaurants all within a 5-10 minute walk
- Close proximity to numerous jazz clubs, 1300 Lounge, The Fillmore concert venue, Safeway, Fitness SF gym, and Pacific Heights / Hayes Valley neighborhoods, as well as 101/280 freeways
- Convenient midtown location near the SF Ballet, Symphony, Opera & new Jazz Center and Hayes Valley's hip shops, cafes & restaurants.  - Few blocks away from the historic City Hall and Union Square. - The condo is in the same building as the AMC Van Ness movie theater and it is very convenient to catch a quick movie, without having to go far. - Mel's drive In restaurant (open 24 hours) and Tommy's Joynt (open daily till    1:30 am) are just right next door.
- Located 4 blocks from Fillmore Street with trendy restaurants and upscale boutiques, movie theaters, city parks (Alta Plaza Park, Lafayette Park) - Easy public transportation all over the city! 10 minutes to all of the beautiful sights (Coit Tower, Wharf, Downtown, Opera, Bay, Washington Square,... you name it!) - Easy 30 minute walk to the Bay, where you can walk out to the Golden Gate bridge, Rent bikes - If you have the energy :) a 1 hour walk to Ghiradelli Square and the Fisherman's Wharf!  - Don't forget that wine country is an hour from the city and only a four hour drive to the mountains.
- Located right in the middle of SF - Great neighborhood walking distance to Haight/Ashbury, Golden Gate Park, Hayes Valley, Alamo Square.  - 1 block from the historic Painted Ladies in Alamo Square Park.  - Music venues, bars, grocery store and restaurants all within a block.
---Central, Safe, Quiet Neighborhood. ---Read my listing's guidebook for recommendations on local businesses.
---I love this quiet safe neighborhood! ---Read my listing's guidebook for recommendations on local businesses.
-Food to buy: Safeway 2 blocks north on Fillmore. For more urban small market offerings: Green Earth market 3 blocks west on McAllister and Divisadero. On Wednesday/Friday, there is a farmer's market at Civic Center, Saturday one on Fillmore and O'Farrell, Sunday one on Divisadero.   -Restaurants: SF is a food city, too many to name. Many options in nearby Lower Haight, Lower Pacific Heights, Japantown, Divisadero strip, and Castro/Upper Market area, as well as many others downtown, or a short cab or transit (more below) ride away.  -Cafes: Fillmore Street Cafe is a fave of mine, and often has soccer on during the day. Nearby to the north on Geary and Fillmore is Social Study. South on Fillmore is Alamo Square Cafe. West on Divisadero is Oasis Cafe, Mojo Bicycle Cafe, The Mill, Bean Bag Cafe. In Lower Haight is Cafe du Soleil, Cafe International, and Bean There. In Hayes Valley is Cafe La Vie and Arlequin (awesome outdoor patio). -Activities: Alamo Square Park for the Painted Ladies an
.
2 min from Bus stop. Central location. 10min walk to Japantown and Pacific Heights shopping and restaurants on Fillmore St, NOPA area, etc 20min from Golden Gate Bridge.
5 minutes walking from the famous Alamo square (painted lady houses). Many great local coffee shops and restaurants on Divisadero street (NOPA).
A bunch of great shops and restaurants just blocks away. Loving Cup has great ice cream and I recommend Süppenkuche for delicious German food.
A mixture of restaurants, small nightclubs, cafes, drinking establishments, residences, galleries, and hair salons characterizes the Lower Haight. Walking distance to Castro, Mission and Hayes Valley.
Abundant shop, restaurants, and entertainment all around!   In the heart of the city and easy to get just about anywhere.  Serviced by many bus transport lines (look up corner of Fillmore and Geary street).  Famous live music venues such as Yoshi's and the Boom Boom room are just outside your doorstep.  Farmer's market on Saturday mornings as well.  Walking north up Fillmore street you cross lower Pacific Heights and then up the hill to Pacific heights, which affords some of the best views of the Golden Gate bridge and the bay in the city.    *Fantastic restaurants and cafes (Out the Door, SPQR, Fresca, Woodhouse Grill, Elite Cafe, Florio, Le Boulange, Solstice, Tortilla Heights, Sushi, Fillmore Cafe, Bruno's Pizza, Chicken & Waffles, etc). * 4 blocks from the famous Sundance Kabuki movie theater where you can watch independent and Hollywood releases with libations ;-)  New People cinema also close by for international treasures.
Access to popular NoPA restaurants and cafes Golden Gate Park and Historic Alamo Square with incredible views and the famous "Painted Ladies." On Sundays there is the popular NoPA Farmers' Market on Grove at Divisadero.
Alamo Sq. Park. a historic Victorian homes , within 1 block from famous painted ladies. The neighborhood is one of the most desire place to live for local San Franciscan and nice way to visit SF for tourist or business travelers.
Alamo Sq. Park. a historic landmark Victorian homes , within 1 block from famous painted ladies. The neighborhood is one of the most desire place to live for local San Franciscan and nice way to visit SF for tourist or business guests.  Alamo Square Park, has off leash dog zone areas, tennis court, children play ground & BBQ.
Alamo Square Historic District is a vibrant beautiful neighborhood centrally located in S.F.. My address is also considered Hayes Valley. I am steps away from the Hayes Valley shopping district. I am on a "postcard row".  City Lights guided tour focused on the Victorian architecture meets in front of my house.
Alamo Square Park! Come see where "Full House" was filmed and take epic photos in this always bustling park.  To make it better, pick up a delicious, famous SF burrito and make it a park picnic day.     Walk to Hayes Valley in the morning for La Boulange Pastries or Ritual Coffee roasters and boutique shopping. Or head down again at night for fabulous French restaurants and sleepy wine bars, pizza by the slice etc.    Venture a little further and you are right by City Hall, The Opera, Symphony Hall, SF Public Library and "Tommy's Joint" famous restaurant. Check out Post street for trendy Martini bars and patio dining.    Walk another direction and check out the famous SF Hippie culture in The Haight with tattoo parlors, German Sausage shops and dive bars galore.  Take a stroll down to Market Street and the Castro for delicious crepes, smoothies and people watching. While you are there, catch the MUNI subway down to Union Square and experience high end shopping as well as bargain favori
Alamo Square is a great place to eat, drink and socialize. Plenty of San Francisco sights to see within walking distance or just a short bus ride away.  Many restaurants and bars within 5 blocks. Close to Hayes Valley, Japantown and Fillmore.  One bus to the Ocean Beach, Downtown shopping, the Marina or the Mission.
Alamo Square is a safe and beautiful neighborhood. You can check out the famous Painted Ladies from scenic Alamo Square Park, walk down to trendy Hayes Valley shops and restaurants, or to Divisadero Street for cool coffee shops and dinner spots. Lower Haight is also walking distance check out the funky bars and restaurants.
Alamo Square is located centrally in the heart of the city, home to the historic Painted Ladies (Full House, anyone?) and Alamo Square Park. Conveniently located near the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park for all of your outdoor needs. Easy access to some of the city's best restaurants and bars. Perfectly situated near other beautiful neighborhoods like Hayes Valley, Lower and Upper Haight, Duboce Triangle, and the Castro.
Alamo Square,  opera house,  city hall,  small boutiques, lots of eating places, close to everything
Alamo Square/ Divisadero
Alamo square park offers a nice view of the city facing the "painted ladies"  You can take a stroll over to the park or have a picnic while you people watch
Amazing Hayes Valley restaurants and shopping, beautiful Alamo Square, walk to the opera house and theater
Amazing location within yards of Duboce Park and an easy walk to Castro, lower Haight, and Hayes Valley.  Tons of bars and restaurants from taquerias to nice sit downs.
Amazing setting on a tree-lined cul-de-sac across from one of S.F.’s famous street-steps. Pedestrian friendly, upscale residential neighborhood. Favorite area for joggers. One block from a nature-oriented park with walking paths and great views of the Bay Area. Located in a very desirable area. An ideal setting for meandering around to see San Francisco’s Victorian and Edwardian architecture and old mansions. Spectacular views of the Bay Area. An easy walk to Golden Gate Park, the Castro, Haight Ashbury, and the Nopa and Duboce Triangle districts. The condo is not in the Lower Haight district as indicated by AirBNB. It is located on the east side of Buena Vista Park, corner of Waller and Broderick Streets facing the Waller Street Steps.
Anzavista is a small, quaint neighborhood centrally located in the heart of SF. Walking distance to Golden Gate Park, Pacific Heights, Haight Ashbury, and NOPA. There is a Target store nearby as well as several restaurants and bars.
As recently as two decades ago, Hayes Valley was hardly known as the home to some of San Francisco’s best restaurants and boutiques. When the Central Freeway was damaged in the 1989 earthquake and later moved to ground level, however, Hayes Valley became one of the most desirable spots to live in the city. As the neighborhood turned into a weekend destination for window shopping and Bloody Marys, the community has grown right alongside it.  Coffee/Breakfast: Blue Bottle: 315 Linden St. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), best coffee in town a must try La Boulangerie de San Francisco: 500 Hayes St. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), great coffee and quick breakfast or lunch stop.  They also have great picnic items if you are heading out for the day. Stacks: 501 Hayes St. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), get there by 8 am if you don’t want to wait.  Awesome big breakfast place two blocks from the house.  Family friendly including mamosas and crayons.  Ice Cream & Beer Garden: Loving Cup: 535 Octavia St. Homespun dessert s
Awesome neighborhood.  Trader Joe, Super Target, Peet's Coffee 3 blocks up.Close to Pacific Heights, Laurel Village, NOPA  & Japan Town. Fillmore Street is my favorite neighborhood haunt...Baker Street Flat is a beautiful home with quality bedding and furnishings in the Lower Pacific Heights area.  If you like to walk, there is a nice loop I do in mornings taking you up Baker to Sacramento to Fillmore Street (major commerce to include; Molly stone market, raw juice shops, delfina Italian food, Dino's Pizza, Yoppi Frozen yogurt.  Killer boutiques; Heidi says, Jarbo, khiels, etc. Then hit Sutter street back up to Baker St. This is my morning walk. I pick up Juice, can get a blow out (email hidden), then Salad at Molly stone salad bar and Fro Yo at Yoppi. There are also Indian, French, American and California Cuisine on Fillmore as well. Some consider Fillmore St the best in the City as it has it All!
Awesome places nearby: With less than 2 minutes of walking, you'll find Blue Bottle & Ritual Coffee, Octavia & Hayes park, Smitten ice cream, Chantal Guillon Macarons, Samovar Tea Lounge, and numerous restaurants, cafes, bars, and stores.  Also within walking distance are the Symphony Hall, Opera House, Alamo Square, Lower Haight, and City Hall / Civic Center.
Awesome places nearby: With less than 2 minutes of walking, you'll find Blue Bottle & Ritual Coffee, Patricia Green/ Octavia Park, Smitten ice cream, Chantal Guillon Macarons, Noir wine lounge, and numerous restaurants, cafes, bars, and stores.  Also within walking distance are the Symphony Hall, Opera House, Alamo Square, Lower Haight, and City Hall / Civic Center.
Beautiful tree lined streets.  Just a block from gorgeous Duboce Park.
Being only 2 blocks from the "officially designated center of San Francisco" means this is an incredibly dynamic and diverse neighborhood with many conveniences and fun activities to enjoy simply by stepping out the front door. We are located less than a half mile from the Panhandle entrance to Golden Gate Park and numerous historic sites. There is a vibrant art community, plenty of shopping, and lots of food, music, and nightlife. Often the biggest challenge is committing to something. 
Blocks away from the panhandle, Golden Gate Park, Haight/Ashbury, Japan Town, and the Divis area. 
Busy neighborhood but secluded house, its perfect! The eating is great around here many options for drinks, pizza, barbeque, new orleans soul food, groceries, indian, vietnamese, and many more.
By far one of the best spots in SF: (URL HIDDEN)
Central to everything in San Francisco. Walking distance to the Marina, Union Square, Market St., a wide range of shopping, restaurants, and more. 5 minute cab ride to most major attractions including Pier 39, downtown, and the Golden Gate Bridge.  Close to public transportation. Easily walk to Muni, Bus, and Bart. Within a 5 block radius there is; Bevmo, Movie Theater, Walgreens, CVS, convenience stores, dry cleaner, both upscale and casual restaurants/shopping, gyms, and the Opera House, 
Central to everything in San Francisco. Walking distance to the Marina, Union Square, Market St., a wide range of shopping, restaurants, and more. 5 minute cab ride to most major attractions including Pier 39, downtown, and the Golden Gate Bridge.  Close to public transportation. Easily walk to Muni, Bus, and Bart. Within a 5 block radius there is; Bevmo, Movie Theater, Walgreens, CVS, convenience stores, dry cleaner, both upscale and casual restaurants/shopping, gyms, and the Opera House. 
Centrally located - 10 minute drive to iconic Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Fisherman's Wharf, financial district/Union Square. Lots of great restaurants, bars, shops, parks. Yoga studios, JCC, Fillmore Jazz district minutes from our house! Easy 15 minute walk to Haight-Ashbury, USF, Presidio National Park.
Centrally located and right around the corner are amazing restaurants / shops located on Fillmore street. Only 4 blocks away from incredible views ot the city. 
Centrally located in the City, just two blocks to Alamo Square Park (home of the Painted Ladies), the Divisadero corridor, and Lower Haight, and located along the Wiggle, the main biking path through SF.  Make this walker's paradise your home and live like a local...sip beers at the renowned Toronado (4 blocks away), enjoy Four Barrel coffee and toast at the Mill (4 blocks aways), indulge in artisanal ice cream and gourmet goodies at Bi-Rite Market (3 blocks away), and have a world-class meal and cocktails at one of SF's best restaurants, NOPA (3 blocks away). Pro tip: NOPA's kitchen is open until 1am, stop in late night for one of the best burgers around. We're also situated very close to Haight Ashbury and Golden Gate Park (about 1 mile to the park's entrance), which you can access by walking up the Panhandle (3 blocks away). This is also a great place to run as there are paths. We provide a neighborhood cheat sheet for guests so you can take maximum advantage of the many restaurants
Centrally located in the buzzing NOPA neighborhood we are right in the heart of the city. Several bus lines are just minutes away and will take you to financial district downtown, Market Street shopping, Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park and more.  In recent years, NOPA has become foodie heaven with restaurants like NOPA, Bistro Central Park, Green Chili Kitchen, Chili Pies, Whole Foods and Bi-Rite Market selling local organic produce and meats. The Mill Bakery just down the road has the best bread we’ve eaten since we lived in Munich.  We are a couple of blocks away from two cafés that top our list of Best Coffee in Town - and that’s saying something in San Francisco! Nearby Divisadero Street and Haight Street offer loads of options for evening and nightlife entertainment such as bars, cafés, restaurants, clubs and dancing. Three blocks from the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park, we are walking distance to Haight Ashbury, Cole Valley, Laurel Village, Buena Vista Park, Alamo Square Park (with 
Centrally located is of the safest neighborhoods in San Francisco. The best stores, bars, restaurants, movie theaters, public transportation.
Centrally located to everything!  highways, shops, buses, movie theatre, restaurants are all within walking distance if you prefer to walk
Centrally located. Walking distance to the Fillmore, NOPA, the Divisadero corridor, the Haight and Hayes Valley.
Centrally-located in SF's Lower Haight neighborhood with restaurants (including Japanese and sushi, Italian, Mediterranean, Korean, Indian, comfort food, pub food, and numerous unique neighborhood cafes), shopping, salons and bars. We're three blocks from either Alamo Square (park with the view of the famous Painted Ladies row houses, a dog play area, playground for kids and tennis court) or Duboce Park (also with a dog play area, two playgrounds, and basketball court). We're walking distance to Upper Haight/Haight-Ashbury, Hayes Valley, and Duboce Triangle neighborhoods, all with more great shopping, bars, and restaurants. Walk a little further for access to Market Street and the Castro neighborhood.
Centrally-located in between Alamo Square and Lower Haight areas. This is an easy walk to public transportation and an easy Uber to Downtown SF.
Chinatown, Japantown, Moscone Center, Yerba Buena, Nob Hill, and the SOMA and Financial district is all located close to the apartment.
Close proximity to all eateries, downtown, transportation, must see sights. 
Close to loads of nice restaurants, shops and markets. We are also 10min from the Golden Gate Bridge which makes trips to Marin and the Headlands super easy. Fillmore St. is first class in terms of shops and restaurants and Divisadero is edgy and has great restaurants (Bar Crudo, Nopa, Bi Rite Creamery) You can't go wrong with this area.
Condo is at interception of Lower Pacific Hts, Pacific Hts., Presidio Hts. and Laurel Hts.
Considered lower Haight/Hayes Valley area. It is in the heart of San Francisco and is one of the most sought after places to reside and be. It is very close to all the public transportation, including all the major tech co buses, such as the (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) bus, which is a block away.
Definitely one of the best spots in SF
Diversity. That is the reason I have lived with in 2 blocks of Alamo Square Park for 24 of the 27 years I've lived in San Francisco. This neighborhood is a great mix of people of all colors and ages and the offerings reflect that. The Divisadero corridor (Divisadero from Haight to Golden Gate) is a vibrant street full of all kinds of shops, bars, cafes, restaurants and boutiques. Alamo Square Park itself is a world renowned land mark, beautiful all year round and home of the famous "Painted Ladies" Victorian homes. Yet this area does not have the feel of a "tourist trap" area. Our neighborhood is now a permit parking zone for street parking. This means that between the hours of 10am and 4pm there is 2 hour limit on street parking for cars without a permit. Parking is free and ample from 4pm to 10am (overnight).
Divisadero Corridor: - Blocks to the Painted Ladies and Alamo Square - Surrounded by some of SF's best restaurants/bars within walking distance (NOPA, Little Star Pizza, 4505 Meat and BBQ, Bi-Rite, b.patisserie, The Mill, Brenda's) - Quiet Neighborhood
Don't be confused by the rustic name; Hayes Valley is just north of downtown. Developed in the 1850s with an abundance of stately Victorian mansions, the neighborhood came into its current identity after the last of the 101 freeway that had cordoned off the area was torn down in 2005. These days it's a breakfast mecca: banana-coconut-macadamia pancakes and diner fare at Stacks, Dungeness crab omelettes and Bloody (email hidden) & Brasserie, and on Sundays a killer Germanic brunch at beer-and-brat haven Suppenküche. You can put the calories to use on a guided bike tour with SoSF, whose beginner-minded “Heart of the City" ride covers eight to ten miles. Spinning past the Civic Center, you'll spot the Asian Art Museum (with its globe-spanning, 18,000-piece collection). Then you're on to Golden Gate Park, where so many attractions pack the 1,017 acres, you could get lost for days. If cycling isn't your thing, set your GPS for the Conservatory of Flowers, a lush botanical preserve in a late
Duboce Park is one of the most central neighborhoods of San Francisco.  Easy access to downtown and all attractions, as well as 3-block access to Safeway, Whole Foods and an independent vegetable market.  A small park is just a block away as are several restaurants and cafes.
Duboce Triangle is a historic neighborhood situated between the Lower Haight, the Castro, and Mission Dolores. The tree-lined streets are pedestrian friendly.  Within the Triangle, there are small restaurants, cafes, and corner markets offering a fairly amazing choice of take-out and sit-down options. Along the Market Street boundary, there's a veritable restaurant row serving everything from sliders to tapas and Indian. Duboce Park is a favorite local hangout, but a short uphill walk will take you to Buena Vista Park or Corona Heights.
Duboce Triangle is a peaceful, tree-lined neighborhood with easy access to the most interesting and dynamic neighborhoods in San Francisco: Haight Ashbury, where the hippy movement was born; the Castro, the gay capital of America, and the Mission, the birthplace of the burrito and arguably the most fun and trendy area in the city. Easily walk to all of these places - and more - and return to tranquil Duboce Triangle when it's time to rest.
Duboce Triangle is one of the oldest neighborhood in SF.  The oldest architect building,  Mission Dolores Basilica, built late 1700's is a 6-block walk and down the block, is Dolores Park, gentrified, diversified and now, hip to hang out there.  To live in a neighborhood, where you do not need a car, is extremely unique.  It is walking distance to the Castro, Lower Haight and the Mission. If you need to explore (nature) by foot, a hike up 3-blocks is Buena Vista Park, which is 4-blocks to Haight/Ashbury, then several blocks more is Golden Gate Park, or you can venture 7-blocks to Alamo Square, where you can see the Pink Ladies.  My favorite, Rocky Mountain, is the 2nd highest peak in SF.  For rock climbers, there is a 5.11 wall. Its natural scenery and its spectacular view will give you a different perspective of SF.
Duboce Triangle/Lower Haight is the best neighborhood in the City!
EATING: Steps from our door is Song Tea and Ceramics for tasting exotic teas. And if the hundred spices in our kitchen are not enough for your cooking plans, Spice Ace is around the corner. There are farmer's markets in the city every day of the week and nearby on weekends. Ten blocks away is one of the open air markets and across the street, open every day, is The Mill for extraordinary bread and two blocks from there is BiRite Market (who grow their own vegetables). For local fresh catch fish or grown meats and chickens there is Bryan's Market.  RESTAURANTS Within five minute walks for breakfast are B Patisserie or La Boulange or Jane; lunch at My Father's Kitchen (Vietnamese) or Troya (Turkish); dinner at DOSA (Indian) or SPQR (Italian); late night NOPA (American/Modern European). (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) restaurants on Fillmore Street (to the east of us) or Divisadero (to the west) and you will find a panoply of choices. Or we can make more specific recommendations as well. TO D
Easy free parking and steps to public transit, restaurants, shops, parks and more on the hot Divisadero Corridor. Quiet and relatively safe. Close to the everything, but not overly hectic.
Everything about historic Fillmore district is perfect! The flat is located nearby Alamo Square on Fillmore St., near Geary St. and a block away from Japantown. It’s close to downtown San Francisco. It is very convenient location: Safeway grocery store, laundromat and a lot of restaurants right next to the building. It is perfect for exchange students, visiting professionals, short-term and long term travelers and anyone wanting to experience the true multicultural delights of SF. 
Extremely central, quiet and safe neighborhood with most amenities a short walk away. Close to the Divisadero corridor that has good restaurants, cafes and nightlife and near many of the major city parks (Golden Gate Park, Presidio, Alamo Square park).
Fantastic food, great nightlife, clean parks, fun shops and boutiques.
Fantastic neighborhood with everything you could need within one or two blocks.  Numerous restaurants, designer shops, yoga studios, bakeries, coffee shops are all within a short walk.
Favorite SF restaurants, gourmet and weekly farmers markets, and fun shopping are just outside the door. We are also just a block from public transportation leading to downtown, Union Square, cable cars and more shopping. Zip Car and City Car Share pods nearby. And there is also the Wiggle for those who wish to bike.  
Fillmore district is a historic SF area, walking distance to top-rated bars and restaurants in Hayes Valley, NoPa, Japantown, and Lower Pacific Heights.  Short walk (5 mins) to large grocery store and fast food options.  Walk up older building in historic neighborhood.
Fillmore district is a historic SF area, walking distance to top-rated bars and restaurants in Hayes Valley, NoPa, Japantown, and Lower Pacific Heights. Short walk (5 mins) to large grocery store and fast food options. Walk up older building in historic neighborhood.
First I'm in Japantown, so you have access to a ton of awesome restaurants and culture. I'm also very close to a couple of Michelin Star restaurants (State Bird, Acquerello, SQPR) and awesome shopping (Fillmore Street). I go out A LOT, so feel free to reach out to me if you want some information about restaurants, bars or clubs.   Second, I love my location because my neighborhood is central to everything in SF. In an Uber, it will take you 10 minutes to go pretty much every district (Marina, Mission, Downtown, Hayes Valley, North Beach, etc).
Foodies, rejoice!  From your beautiful Victorian home away from home, stroll to some of the trendiest bars and restaurants in what Bon Appetit Magazine calls "America's Best Food City".  NOPA, Nopalito, Bar Crudo, Little Star Pizza, The Mill, and many others are just a short walk from your front door.  Music lovers will appreciate being 2 blocks from the Independent Music Hall. The famous Fillmore concert venue is just 1/2 mile away.   We are also a convenient base for visiting UCSF Medical Center. Alamo Square is a hip neighborhood full of San Francisco's oldest Victorians.  The iconic row of famous houses known as the "Painted Ladies" are just a 5 minute walk away.
Fragments of that flower-power, incense-burning, acid-dropping, tie-dye-wearing, peace-and-love-vibing era will be discovered as you explore this historic area of San Francisco.  Exclusive boutiques, high-end vintage-clothing shops, second-hand stores, Internet cafés and hip restaurants have been taking over and settling in both along Haight Street & down Divisadero. So many options and flavors are available for all types as you won't get bored exploring this neighborhood's offerings.
Geographically, we are in the Eureka Valley also known as the sun belt of San Francisco. If the fog burns off, it burns off first in our neighborhood. All public transportation comes to our neighborhood. You can walk to the Mission, Hayes Valley, the Castro and the Civic Center.
Go people watching at Mission Dolores Park, have dinner at the renowned restaurants of lively Valencia St or Hayes Valley all only a short walk away.  For dessert, grab some ice cream at Three Twins or Bi-Rite, and then go have drinks in the Castro or on Haight St.
Great bars and restaraunts
Great boutiques, bakeries, brunch spots, ramen joints and jazz lounges aplenty in the close-by Fillmore Street and Japantown areas.  Fun, casual dive bars and music venues alone Divisadero in the NoPa neighborhood just one block away. Great public transit options and copious supply of Uber/Lyft drivers swarming the area at all times of day.
Great coffee shops, dining, boutique clothing shops, outdoor beer garden and a great park surrounded by container ship shops.
Great location - walk or drive anywhere in the city!
Great location in Hayes Valley -- fun restaurants and civic center attractions (ballet, opera, jazz hall). About 12 minute walk from Civic Center Bart or 1/2 block from bus.
Great location near Polk and Filmore street with many bars and restaurants. Centrally located.
Great location, walking distance to downtown, the Mission district, Lower Haight, Hayes Valley, Duboce and Castro. Whole Foods is just two blocks away, and in about a ten minute walk are some of the best restaurants in town.
Great location, walking distance to so many great attractions.  
Great neighborhood -- only a few blocks from the historic Fillmore district with amazing restaurants (including a few Michelin-star rated), great shops, and Jazz venues. Directly across from the apartment building is a small park with tennis courts, a pool, and basketball courts.
Great neighborhood with lots of shops and restaurants and very central - easy to get to other neighborhoods by foot, public transportation, or taxi/Lyft/Uber.
Great restaurants and bars on Divisadero and Fillmore within close walking distance.
Great way to experience San Francisco - trendy coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and parks just outside door.  Alamo Square Park 2 blocks away, and walking distance to Golden Gate Park. Hike over Divisadero Hill for amazing views of SF Bay. Hike in other direction to visit historic Castro district. Organic groceries just across the street. Famous Bi-Rite ice cream 3 blocks away!
Hayes Valley has been continuously voted one of the top neighborhoods in San Francisco for its vast array of restaurants and boutiques. The perfect place to live and even better place to visit.  There is a small park just a few blocks away in the heart of the neighborhood with a biergarten, the world's most delicious ice cream stand, and a coffee bar. Ideally located for everything in the city, but also good for commuting south as we're only 2 blocks from the entrance to the 101 freeway.   Just a step beyond Hayes Valley are some of San Francisco’s most bustling and exciting neighborhoods - walk five minutes east to the Civic Center, with the SF Opera, City Hall and several museums; ten minutes west and you’re in the heart of the Castro; and fifteen minutes south to the sunny Mission district, with its famous restaurants, murals, taquerias, and coffee shops.
Hayes Valley has been described as the Austin of San Francisco. It has amazing restaurants with famous chefs from Napa Valley and the boutique shopping is unbeatable.
Hayes Valley has something for everyone.  1.5 minute walk to Hayes Valley's Octavia park.  A short bicycle or bus ride to  Union Square, MOMA, or SOMA (all the new Tech companies, (website hidden), (website hidden), etc.) 10 min to Golden Gate park or the GG bridge. 5 min. to the Mission and tons of night life! Enjoy world class restaurants and shopping. Opera, Ballet,Symphony, and the new Jazz center  1.5 min away. Have morning coffee at number of cool cafe's. Lunch on the lawn at Octavia park, a jog in GG park... Dine at San Francisco's finest restaurants or grab a quick bite at  the local hangout. Beer garden, Wine lounge, Sake bar,  Ice cream shops.
Hayes Valley is  central to  anywhere in the city,either by bus or walking. Many nice places to dine near by and shop. (website hidden) and (website hidden) buses just steps away. Car share near by too.
Hayes Valley is EASILY amongst the top 2-3 neighborhoods in San Francisco. Think Brooklyn with more charm. A neighborhood both men and women say "Wow, I love Hayes Valley!" You can bring a date, your mother, your best friend, or your grandmother and each equally love the neighborhood.  You are (literally) 20 steps away from a great open public space with a park. Then, you are between 35 and 150 steps away from some of the best shopping, eating, and barhopping in the city. My favorites include Suppenkuche, Biergarten, Brass Tacks, Chez Maman, Souvla, Papito Mexican Grill, and Smugglers Cove (7 min walk).
Hayes Valley is a centrally located neighborhood in San Francisco with great shops, bars and restaurants.  Walking distance to the Fillmore, NOPA, the Divisadero corridor, and the Haight . Public transportation is just steps away, Bart, Muni, City Buses and Market Street Trolleys. Easy access to highway with entrance for East Bay or South Bay just 5 blocks away.
Hayes Valley is a fashionable neighborhood in San Francisco, California, between the historical districts of Alamo Square and Civic Center. Victorian, Queen Anne, and Edwardian townhouses rub shoulders with countless boutiques, bars, parks, restaurants, and cultural centers. It is widely considered one of the most desirable neighborhoods in which to live. Further, Hayes Valley sits at the center of San Francisco, making it a superb home base for sightseeing throughout the city.
Hayes Valley is a neighborhood in the Western Addition district of San Francisco, California. It is located between the historical districts of Alamo Square and the Civic Center. Victorian, Queen Anne, and Edwardian townhouses are mixed with high-end boutiques, restaurants, and public housing complexes.
Hayes Valley is charming, quiet and Euro-inspired. It spans a few blocks and has cute boutiques, delicious restaurants and lovely cafes (some with and without wifi!) Main attraction is Patricia's Green, that has ice cream, a beer garden and a central patch of land, grass and a rotating art exhibit to spend time at!
Hayes Valley is famous for it's world-class restaurants, bars, and boutiques.  Our apartment is two blocks from the main strip of shopping and eating. There is a convenience store one block away, as well as a small market, coffee shops, fine dining, ice cream, bakeries, and a very popular outdoor Beer Garden!
Hayes Valley is full of great food, shopping, and entertainment.  SF Gate describes it as full of, "trendy fashion boutiques, SoHo-style funky art galleries, high-end interior-decorating shops, top-notch restaurants and hip nightspots." (URL HIDDEN)
Hayes Valley is in the middle of everything! Right outside the front door is a small market with just about anything you might need, open 8-8. There are cafes, restaurants, bars, yoga studios, gyms and parks all within walking distance. You can rent bikes near Patricia's Green; the closest park and check out the bike paths to Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach. Walk to the Civic Center farmers market, Alamo Square Park, Haight Street, Market Street and The Mission all within minutes.
Hayes Valley is in the middle of everything. This small upscale neighborhood has some of the hottest spots to eat and drink in the city. Right outside your door you'll have Ritual Coffee and Blue Bottle Coffee, two of the best in the city. Smitten Ice-Cream, Patxi's, Souvla, Absinthe, Chez Maman, Suppenkuche, the Biergarten, Boxing Room and Brass Tacks are all within one block of your apartment. A Walgreens, local grocer and fantastic butcher are within 2 blocks as well.
Hayes Valley is known for great restaurants, fun bars, cute (but expensive) shops, and being close to everything.  One direction is the Haight and Castro, the other is Hayes Valley.  Lots to do and it's pretty central to everything.
Hayes Valley is my favorite neighborhood in the city. It offers great food, drinks, entertainment, and unique features. It's super walkable and friendly. Just walk 1.5 blocks down to the small park and you'll have great "people-watching," especially on a sunny day.
Hayes Valley is my kind of neighborhood.  While I am personally getting to that age where I don't always fit into the younger set scene, I can still appreciate what the neighborhood offers.  So many choices are here for dining, drinking, shopping, hanging, and walking.  
Hayes Valley is one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco. Located in central San Francisco, it has coffee shops, boutique shops, bars, and some of the best restaurants such as Absinthe, Zuni Cafe, Chez Maman, Monsieur Benjamin, Souvla, Mazzat, Straw, Stelline, Domo, Caffe Delle Stelle, Noir Lounge, Papito are all within walking distance -- and many more. I recommend getting coffee/breakfast around the corner at Mercury Cafe -- a great little neighborhood spot or stroll on over to Blue Bottle for San Francisco's best known coffee.
Hayes Valley is one of the most vibrant neighborhoods in San Francisco. Located around Hayes St. and Octavia St. it has a handful of truly incredible local coffee roasters, edgy fashion boutiques, and an assortment of fantastic bars and restaurants with outdoor seating. Perfect for people watching. Check out our guest guidebook here: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3844037/guidebook
Hayes Valley is perhaps the most desirable neighborhood in SF. It's central yet quiet. It's the real SF with Victorian houses, walkable streets and parks, and easy public transportation. The flat is also just two blocks from the Painted Ladies... those Full House houses that you are obliged to photograph as evidence of your trip. It's a 10 minute cab ride or a 30-60 minute walk (I go fast!) to other districts such as the sunny Mission or downtown.
Hayes Valley is simply one of the city's most exciting enclaves. Just over a decade ago, Hayes Street lay under the shadow of Highway 101—but then city planners tore down the overpass and turned it into a lovely urban park called Patricia's Green. Now Hayes Valley is thriving at a truly remarkable rate, with every week bringing new restaurants and boutiques for a growing audience of foodies and fashion-forward locals.
Hayes Valley is simply one of the city's most exciting enclaves. Just over a decade ago, Hayes Street lay under the shadow of Highway 101—but then city planners tore down the overpass and turned it into a lovely urban park called Patricia's Green. Now Hayes Valley is thriving at a truly remarkable rate, with every week bringing new restaurants and boutiques for a growing audience of foodies and fashion-forward locals.  Nestled between Alamo Square and the War Memorial Opera House, this little jewel of a neighborhood offers a whole range of great San Francisco experiences, including:  • Smitten, an ice cream shop that makes each batch to order using the freshest seasonal ingredients, freezing your treat with liquid nitrogen while you watch • Biergarten, a lovely outdoor bar with a variety of tough-to-find German brews on tap • Suppenküche- A personal favorite with schnitzels to die for • Taste, a serene and stylish tea room on Octavia with rare Chinese teas on offer alongside homemade t
Hayes Valley is the center of San Francisco. This house could not be more centrally located. If the Superbowl is in the plans, we are right on the highway (allowing you to avoid traffic out of the city) and walking distance from the San Francisco activities downtown.  Steps from the famous Mission district filled with bars and restaurants. This is the place to be if you want to experience the food and nightlife of SF.  Also nearby the Full House house (Alamo Square). Safeway and Whole Foods are a 6 minute walk.
Hayes Valley is the coolest neighborhood in San Francisco, with the best restaurants and shopping, beer garden steps from the house.  The most walkable part of the city, close to SF Jazz Center, the Symphony, City Hall, Downtown, Painted Ladies, and even walkable to other great neighborhoods like NOPA and the Mission.
Hayes Valley offers true urban living experience. Within a two-block radius from the condo, you’ll find some of the best artisan coffees, decadent chocolate truffles and specialty ice cream flavors. You'll find cuisines from all over the world (the typical, like American, French, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, German, Mexican, Vietnamese, Thai, and the not-so typical, like, Ethiopian, Cajun, Lebanese, Brazilian), eateries ranging in price and ambiance suited for all ages, palettes and budgets.  When it comes to shopping, visitors usually flock to Union Square on Powell and Westfield Mall on Market and 5th. On the square you have the big department stores, such as Macy's, Saks and Neiman Marcus, as well as named-brand boutiques such as Coach, Bulgari, Cartier, Louis Vuitton, Armani, Prada, Gucci, Guess and so on. At Westfield Mall there's a five-story Nordstrom's, a two-level Abercrombie & Fitch and chain shores like Victoria's Secret, Bebe, Kenneth Cole and GAP.  For visitors unfamiliar w
Hayes Valley, Lower Haight, and Divisadero Street are all close by (5 min walk). Each has a number of great restaurants and bars. Alamo Square itself is a gorgeous park with views of the Painted Ladies and the city beyond. Golden Gate Park is a short Uber or bus ride away if you fancy museums, art, or the beautiful Conservatory of Flowers.
Hayes valley is the perfect blend of quiet neighborhood charm with access to some of the best restaurants in the city. Painted ladies at Alamo square are 3 blocks away and access to the 101 is only 2 blocks.
Here are links to some San Francisco Travel Guides: 1.  SF Visitors Guide > (URL HIDDEN) 2. Airbnb's SF Local List > (URL HIDDEN) The elegant Lower Pacific Heights neighborhood embodies Hollywood's vision of San Francisco, and its blocks of Victorian mansions and its Cinemascope views of the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge make the area a perennial favorite with visitors to the city. San Francisco locals tend to be a bit more cynical about the exclusive air of Pacific Heights, but that doesn't mean you won't catch residents of other neighborhoods making a special trip for the eclectic, upscale shopping opportunities that Fillmore Street in Lower Pacific Heights offers. The neighborhood is loosely bordered by Van Ness and Presidio avenues and Geary and Vallejo streets, and was first colonized by the nouveau riche of the late 1800s when the construction of a new cable-car line made the area more easily accessible. The extravagant dwellings that characterize the district today stand as tes
Hip, energetic, central location - twice written up in the NYTimes!  Great restaurants.  Close to Golden Gate Park, Alamo Square and much more! 
I LOVE my neighborhood.  First of all, Alamo Square Park is just a block+ away.  It is a very historic park and most of you will recognize it for the views surrounding it.  It is a beautiful place to hang out and look at the scenery and includes a popular dog park.  The houses in my neighborhood are so interesting.  Many were built before the big earthquake and are lovely Victorians.  Since then, many other interesting homes of later origin were built.  Divisadero, one of the earliest routes of the Spanish, is now an 'entertainment corridor' according to neighborhood planners.  It is certainly a destination place for young people and affords all of us plenty of grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants, clubs, cleaners, et al....most of what you need to keep supplied and entertained.  
I LOVE my neighborhood. First of all, Alamo Square Park is just a block+ away. It is a very historic park and most of you will recognize it for the views surrounding it. It is a beautiful place to hang out and look at the scenery and includes a popular dog park. The houses in my neighborhood are so interesting. Many were built before the big earthquake and are lovely Victorians. Since then, many other interesting homes of later origin were built. Divisadero, one of the earliest routes of the Spanish, is now an 'entertainment corridor' according to neighborhood planners. It is certainly a destination place for young people and affords all of us plenty of grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants, clubs, cleaners, et al....most of what you need to keep supplied and entertained.
I believe that the Lower Haight, specifically Duboce Triangle, is the best place in the city. It is a very safe neighborhood filled with character, great street art, kind chatty people, dogs of all sizes, children playing, and several boutiques and restaurants.  The best part is Duboce Park.  It is always filled with great people, and is the perfect place to let your dog (or kids!) run off energy before starting your day in the rest of the city.
I can't overstate how wonderful it is. So many great bars and restaurants + access to the best parts of SF. Food: Go around the corner to Divisadero for a fancy meal at Nopa or Bar Crudo. For quick takeout pop into the Little Chihuahua for a taco, 4505 for an insane meat selection, or the Mill on Monday nights for incredible Pizza. A few blocks south, Haight Street offers vegan sandwiches at Love n' Haight, wings at Wing Wings, sausages at Rosamunde, brunch at Kate's as well as great Thai, Japanese and Chinese. If you want to grab a drink on Haight, Toronnado is a beer mecca, hit up divey Molotov's for a game of pool or Mad Dog in the Fog for Trivia. We're down the street from Madrone, famous for their Motown Monday party. The apartment is one block away from Alamo Square and the famous painted ladies. And three blocks from the pan-handle, a beautiful Eucalyptus-lined greenway leading into Golden Gate Park.
I love Hayes Valley because it provides me with walking access to everything I need (food, restaurants, shopping, transportation).  The 21 bus gets me to SOMA, and Bart gets me to the airport conveniently. The architecture in Hayes is some of SF's most classic, as many of these buildings have withstood the many earthquakes and fires that destroyed other parts of the city over the past 150 years. Be sure to stroll to Alamo square to see the Painted Ladies from the Full House and check out the Burning Man art in Patricia's Green.
I love my neighborhood because it's friendly, relaxed and very central to all of San Francisco. In fact if you enjoy walking, this is a great neighborhood for you since so much of SF can be accessed within a 30 min walk.   New retail, restaurants and bars open up all the time here, much like Hayes Valley 10 years ago, but with more nightlife. Also, NOPA is more of a "locals" neighborhood in that it doesn't attract the crowds that other popular neighborhoods do, and yet there are always great things do right here, especially at The Independent and Madrone Lounge.
I love so many things about my neighborhood. Most importantly I enjoy being able to walk to such amazing restaurants and shops. Name your favorite type of food and I can suggest a local eatery that won't disappoint. Golden Gate Park, the Haight, lower Haight, Fillmore corridor, Japan town are all an easy walk from here. You need a hardware store, health food store, yoga studio, hair cut, nails done, gift shop, drip coffee, Starbucks, fresh bread, delectable dessert, concert venue, movie theater, spa experience, acupuncture, a bike shop, library, hospital, medical supply store, pharmacy, a walk in a park,---it's all a walk short walk away.  You want a killer view of San Francisco skyline I can point you to it There are also several public transit lines within 2-3 blocks so you can get just about anywhere you want to go without having to drive or wait for a ride. NOPA is an awesome neighborhood to be in. It's the most centrally located, hip, and up and coming neighborhood in San Francisc
I love that we are only one block from relaxing on the green at Alamo square park. We're a few blocks from the beautiful Hayes Valley where you can really get a feel for how the area has developed into a haven for haute couture. High-end San Franciscans sip $11 cocktails at Absinthe and down the street many are powering down an entire meal for around the same price at Flipper's. Now, tourists also come here specifically for the shopping.
I may be biased, but Hayes Valley is one of the nicest (and most convenient) parts of San Francisco. If you walk down Octavia Street five minutes from our apartment, you'll be in the heart of the neighborhood, where you can find Smitten, Ritual Coffee, Blue Bottle Coffee, Fig & Thistle, and a number of boutiques to browse. We're also a five minute walk from the Mission, which houses amazing restaurants and Dolores Park, and a ten minutes walk from the Castro or Haight.
Ideal central location in SF for accessing multiple desirable neighborhoods: Union Square (premier shopping, theatre, cable-car line, hop-on/off tourist buses) - less than 10 minutes by bus (stops outside building) Moscone convention center - 10 minutes by bus or taxi (to Market/3rd St) Hayes Valley - 4 easy walking blocks (5 minutes) Pacific Heights / Fillmore St - 5 easy walking blocks (8 minutes) Japantown (sushi!) - 3 easy walking blocks Whole Foods supermarket - 5 easy walking blocks (open until 10 pm) Mission District - less than 10 minute bus or taxi/Uber Russian Hill & North Beach - 10 minute taxi ride/Uber Polk Street bars & diverse dining - starting 5 easy walking blocks Walgreens drug store 1 1/2 blocks away, open until 9 pm 24-hour Safeway supermarket - 5 blocks away The Fillmore music venue (bigger bands) - 6 blocks away BoomBoomRoom - funky blues small venue - 6 blocks away the list is endless - tell me what your interests are, and i'll give you some pointers
If you like Italian food, Uva Unoteca is one of my favorite restaurants in the City. It's reasonably priced, very under rated, has a great wine / cheese selection and makes authentic espresso. It's also usually easy to get a table which is great. (Haight & Steiner) - (URL HIDDEN) Right next door to Uva is Maven, who pair interesting cocktails with an interesting small bite menu. - A little more upscale and busy than Uva. - (URL HIDDEN)  Across the street from Uva is Rosamund. They have a wide variety of authentic, delicious sausages. When they ask you "for here, to go, or next door", that means in addition to taking it to go or eating there, you can also take it next door to Toronado, which has an amazing beer selection. (Pliny the Elder) is the quintessential West Coast IPA if you are in to beers. -- Toronado is great, but often loud. (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN) The Noc Noc is another bar next to Toronado which is quirky. I recommend checking it out, just to see the furniture on the cei
If you look at the map, our location is physically in the middle of San Francisco. This gives great access to hidden gems and spots in the city that is away from the normal tourist areas.
If you plan on having a car, this neighborhood has 2-­‐hour parking on the streets (enforced 9am – 6pm, M-­‐F). Most of the streets also have street cleaning so pay attention to those days/times because you will get ticketed. The street in front of the building is 1st / 3rd Mondays between 10am-­‐12pm.  Taking buses in and around the city are safe and commonly used. The closest bus to the apartment is the 1-­‐California, and the 2 or the 3. These all travel in the east/west direction, which would take you downtown or towards the Embarcadero. Tickets cost $2 per person (dollars or coins only) and when the driver offers you the paper transfer ticket, take it. It’s not only proof of payment but it allows you to travel on other bus lines within a few hour window without having to pay again. Also, visit (URL HIDDEN) for more detailed info. FUN THINGS TO DO WHILE YOU'RE HERE: • The Ferry Building is great to visit on Saturdays for the Farmer’s Market (a must see). Pick up vegetables or have 
In the very trendy NOPA (North of Panhandle) neighborhood with tons of amazing shops and restaurants on Divisadero (Bi-Rite for ice cream is a must!). Just a few blocks from Golden Gate Park or the painted ladies of Alamo Square. Easy walk to Haight Ashbury, Hayes Valley or the Castro. Endless variety of parks, shops, restaurants, and charming homes. Easy Muni access to other parts of the city.
It is a quiet safe area, with many local restaurants, bars, shops just blocks away.  Sunny part of the city - so great weather most of the time.  Located in the middle of the city proper.
It is an old historic neighborhood enjoying the surge of energy by the new generation.
It is difficult to beat the area as we are right in the heart of the city. Just one block from our home, almost in our backyard, is historical Alamo Square park where you can spend a day relaxing in the sun, taking in views of the city and the Painted Ladies. Divisadero Street, also one block over, has many quaint and trendy bars and restaurants to grab a coffee or bite to eat--my personal favorite would have to be the ice cream from Bi-Rite Creamery. All within walking distance are also the Panhandle, Haight, and Hayes Valley.
It is in the heart of the city!  A beautiful town home in a small gated community with access to good food, good nightlife, and public transport to all other parts of the city!
It is safety and quiet studio in a great high-quality apartment. It has security entrance and elevator.
It's a historic part of SF right in the middle of town.
It's a quiet, residential street, but only two blocks away from lively Fillmore Street. Fillmore Street has great restaurants, bars and  live music (The world famous Fillmore West!) It's a shopping mecca with dozens of clothing stores for men and women. Japantown is two blocks away and a fun area to explore.  We're close to Lafayette Park and Alta Plaza Park with stunning views of San Francisco Bay.
It's a super friendly and safe neighborhood. If you watched Full House... Very similar. Theres a small convenience store about 3 minutes away and lots and lots of restaurants if you dont want to cook
It's an awesome neighborhood with excellent dining and boutiques. Whether you are a passionate coffee drinker (go to Blue Bottle coffee on Linden) or like to stroll around shops, hang out at the playground and get inspired by art and bookstores, this is the right place for you to stay. It's in the most central part of San Francisco, you can enjoy the hustle and bustle yet retreat into your quiet private space and relax.
It's an awesome neighborhood with excellent dining and boutiques. Whether you are a passionate coffee drinker (go to Blue Bottle coffee on Linden) or like to stroll around shops, hang out at the playground and get inspired by art and bookstores, this is the right place for you to stay. It's in the most central part of San Francisco, you can enjoy the hustle and bustle yet retreat into your quiet private space and relax. 
It's in the exact center of the city, in the Duboce  Triangle, home to The Wiggle  (bring your bike!), a sunsoaked stretch of Victorian landscape and bars and restaurants and people. You can watch it all from the balcony in this corner Victorian, or  join the fun.
Japantown is a vibrant neighborhood with great restaurants and beautiful Japanese cultural treasures bordered by Nob Hill, the Filmore district and Pacific Heights.  For tourist information click here (URL HIDDEN) There is a small corner store nearby with a great selection of wine and open til 11pm.   Whole foods is close by and walking distance.
Lafayette park is 2 blocks away with gorgeous views of the Marina. Located on Bush and Gough street, it's walking distance to the Marina, Nob Hill, Hayes Valley, Fillmore, Divisadero, and Japantown.
Live like a local!  Hayes Valley has been continuously voted one of the top neighborhoods in San Francisco for its vast array of restaurants and boutiques. The perfect place to live and even better place to visit. There is a small park just a few blocks away in the heart of the neighborhood with a biergarten, the world's most delicious ice cream stand, and a coffee bar. Ideally located for everything in the city, but also good for commuting south as we're only 2 blocks from the entrance to the 101 freeway. Just a step beyond Hayes Valley are some of San Francisco’s most bustling and exciting neighborhoods - walk five minutes east to the Civic Center, with the SF Opera, City Hall and several museums; ten minutes west and you’re in the heart of the Castro; and fifteen minutes south to the sunny Mission district, with its famous restaurants, murals, taquerias, and coffee shops.
Living on the edge, literally and figuratively !  We are located just on the nexus of many great neighborhoods . We consider ourselves to be Hayes Valley/ Lower Haighters since we live right on the neighborhood borderlines . We are also adjacent to Duboce Triangle and The Castro . So if you walk a few feet in any direction , you'll be in a different neighborhood ! Our area is really a mix of High and Low, Trendy and Funky , but so is the city entirely .Awesome places to Drink,Dine & Shop. Its very Safe in our city generally, but we do remind guests that they be always aware of their surroundings at all times  .  (URL HIDDEN)    
Local highlights: -1 block to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) building & Market on Market - 3 min walk from SFJazz, Symphony, Opera - 20 min walk to the Castro  - 12 min walk to Lower Haight-Ashbury  - 30 min walk to Golden Gate Park  - 15 min walk to the Mission Food and dining options are very plentiful. Just a few of the better SF restaurants that are within 5 mins walk are:  Cala Chez Mama Papito Lers Ros The Grove Arlequin Suppenkuche Absinthe Boxing Room Rich Table Jardiniere Smitten Ice Cream Souvla Blue Bottle Coffee
Located in Alamo Square near Hayes Valley you are in central San Francisco. See a Play, Opera, Symphony or Jazz. Explore Golden Gate Park, Hayes Valley, the Mission, Pacific Heights, the Castro, Haight Ashbury and Japan Town. All are in walking distance or take public transportation which is on the corner. Uber/Lyft are available typically within 3-5 minutes. Several corporate tech shuttle buses (G, F, A) pick up close by.
Located in Duboce Triangle/Lower Haight that's known for being centrally located and with good weather.  Duboce park is across the street.  Numerous bars, restaurants and shops are nearby.  I'm right off 'The Wiggle' bike path - which is a major bike route through the city.
Located in Hayes Valley, we're just a few blocks away from popular restaurants and shops. Lower Haight is also just a few blocks away from us, where you can also find some great restaurants and some dive bars. Divisadero is just 5 blocks west, where there are a ton of trendy restaurants and bars as well.
Located in awesome Pacific Heights area - very central in SF. You can walk to many great neighborhoods from our house and to many restaurants, shopping, and cafes (we'll leave you a map with the must hit up scenes!).  If you forgot anything or would like groceries, everything is within walking distance.
Located in popular Jazz Fillmore district the house is central to everything.  Walking distance to Alamo Square (with the Painted Ladies), Japantown, Hayes Valley and so many other popular neighborhoods that define SF. Just a few blocks away you will find some of San Francisco's best restaurants and nightlife.  Don't miss State Bird Provisions and Monsieur Benjamin.  Don't forget about all the jazz bars on Fillmore and the delicious Ramen and Udon joints in Japantown, or if you want to stay home and cook, walk to the grocery store its just 5 minutes away.
Located in the center of the city, just southwest of City Hall and the Civic Center, Hayes Valley is sleek and sophisticated, but becomes a bit more avant-garde closer to the Lower Haight and a short walking distance away from the Mission.  The convenience of public transportation and proximity to downtown, along with stylish homes and contemporary lofts and condominiums, make Hayes Valley popular with professionals and young families alike.  Our location is a short walk from the Hayes Valley district of shops, 80+ restaurants, and major cultural attractions such as the Opera House, Davies Symphony Hall, and the SF Jazz Center. With some of San Francisco’s most interesting and unique shops, Hayes Valley is a Mecca for consumers looking for one-of-a-kind goods, including European fashions, vintage clothing, and every sort of home furnishing.  Popular restaurants give visitors and residents alike plenty of dining options, from world-class establishments to homey neighborhood eateries.
Located in the heart of Haight!  The location is ideal in terms of walkability.  So close to everything that you most likely won't even need a bicycle. 1 block from Buena Vista Park 0.7 miles to Painted Ladies 3 miles to Caltrain
Located in the heart of Hayes Valley you'll be right off Hayes street where there are countless shops and restaurants. Hayes Valley has been continuously voted one of the top neighborhoods in San Francisco for its wide variety of restaurants and boutiques. It's the perfect place to live or visit. There is a small park called Octavia Green just a few blocks away in the heart of the neighborhood with a biergarten, a delicious ice cream stand, and a coffee bar. The house is a 1 minute stroll to the legendary German restaurant Suppenkuche, and the delicious local faire of Bar Jules. The house is also walking distance from the famous 'Painted Ladies' - the Victorian homes famous in part for being in the TV show Full House. Centrally located, it's also an easy walk to the SF Opera House, City Hall, several museums, the Mission Neighborhood, the Castro, etc.
Located in the heart of Hayes Valley you'll be right off Hayes street where there are countless shops and restaurants. Hayes Valley has been continuously voted one of the top neighborhoods in San Francisco for its wide variety of restaurants and boutiques. It's the perfect place to live or visit. There is a small park called Octavia Green just a few blocks away in the heart of the neighborhood with a biergarten, a delicious ice cream stand, and a coffee bar. The house is a 2 minute stroll to the legendary German restaurant Suppenkuche, and the delicious local faire of Bar Jules. The house is also walking distance from the famous 'Painted Ladies' - the Victorian homes famous in part for being in the TV show Full House. Centrally located, it's also an easy walk to the SF Opera House, City Hall, several museums, the Mission Neighborhood, the Castro, etc.
Located in trendy NOPA neighborhood, and within blocks from Alamo Square, Haight Street, Castro, and Golden Gate Park. BUY FOOD  • Bi-Rite (on Divisadero):  locally sourced grocery & bakery items. • Falletti Foods (on Broderick):  old-school specialty grocer since 1956. • Lucky (on Fulton):  supermarket. • DeLessio (on Oak):  gourmet prepared food to stay or to go. • Grove Street Sunday Farmers Market (on Grove):  every Sunday morning. GO EAT  • Bistro Central Parc (on Grove):  neighborhood –style French restaurant, reservations are recommended. • La Urbana (on Grove):  Mexico city-style cocktails & cuisine. • Bar Crudo (on Divisadero):  hip, casual seafood restaurant known for raw-bar menu & long beer list. • 4505 Burgers & BBQ (on Divisadero):  BBQ spot run by a butcher, with smoked meats, sides & burgers, to stay on the patio or to-go. • Mojo Bicycle Café (on Divisadero):  eclectic café & coffeehouse with outdoor seating. • Bean Bag Café (on Divisadero):  coffee & light eats, sidewa
Located just steps away from the city's Civic Center, the San Francisco War Memorial Opera House, the California Supreme Court, and Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall, the Inn at the Opera is your gateway to all the finest cultural activities San Francisco has to offer. The illustrious Opera House is just outside your door, and the diverse charms of the city are all within your reach.
Located near University of San Francisco, Trader Joe's, Target, parks and public transportation. Walking distance to Pacific Heights, Divisadero, and Hayes Valley's best restaurants and shops. Close proximity to the Opera Theater and Symphony Hall.
Located within 1 block: -Bus Stops to Downtown, Marina, Castro, Golden Gate Park -Alamo Square Park (Painted Ladies) -Restaurants, Cafes, Bars, Groceries, Liquor Stores *Walking distance to the historic Haight Ashbury district and the train to the Embarcadero, Bay Bridge Lights, Giants Stadium, SF Zoo, Sunset District, etc.
Location info:  - 5 minute walk to a Safeway - 6 min to a Wholefoods - 5 minto Starbucks, Jamba Juice, GNC - 4 min to San Francisco Zen Center - 3 min to Cafe du soliel - 4 min to Mad Dog in The Fog - 4 min to Tornado and Noc Noc - 5 min to Public Transportation (6, 7, KT, L, M) - 30 min to down town by PT, 25 by bike
Location, location, location! You'll be in a quiet neighborhood conveniently located in the center of the city on a quite hill, heading up to Anza Vista. Nearby Alamo Square, Golden Gate, and the Panhandle are all dog friendly and runner friendly. The nearby booming Divisidero corridor hosts a plethora of cafes, bars, restaurants including the brand new Bi-Rite grocery store. The possibilities are endless!
Lot's of bustle, loads of restaurants and coffee shops, a short walk to Duboce Triangle and Dolores Park. I'm partial, but this is my favorite neighborhood in SF.
Lots of bars and restaurants in this central neighborhood. No parking place included, sorry.
Lots of classy shops, restaurants, bars, services in the Fillmore neighborhood, only 2 blocks away; one block from Japan Town; one block to bus lines to downtown; friendly neighborhood with lots of lovely Victorian houses.
Lots of restaurants, parks, grocery stores, and bars within walking distance in Pacific Heights, next to NOPA, Western Addition, and Japantown. Basically, it's centrally located!
Lovely quiet tree lined street right in the middle of San Francisco.
Low Key neighborhood, safe environment and easy access to convenient stores, diners, Trader Joes, etc.
Low density neighborhood with easy access around the city. Trendy Pubs and Coffee Houses too numerous to mention surround the area. Minutes away, the 38 Rapid Transit bus line will take you directly to Market Street, The Moscone Center and Union Square are easily accessible.  Minutes walk to City Center Mall ( Target, Best Buy, Panera Bread, Chipotle, Subway, Starbucks).
Lower Haight and Hayes Valley are right where classic 1800s Victorian San Francisco meets the modern municipal grandeur of Civic Center.  This is in large part because the 1906 earthquake fire that destroyed much of the original city was halted two blocks to the east.  The result is an intriguing intersection of commercial/residential/governmental zoning, old and new architectural styles, and wide variety of urban activities. For classy shopping and entertainment, a 10 minute walk into Hayes Valley deposits you into a cluster of boutique shops and artisan cafes, along with the new SF Jazz Center (and the symphony, opera, and ballet are just a few blocks beyond). Or, if your cultural leanings involve extensive and unfamiliar beer lists, European football matches, or quirky urban dive bar decor, then you'll love the main drag of Lower Haight two blocks in the other direction. Also within stumbling distance:  - Alamo Square park, overlooking the "painted ladies" against a downtown skyline
Lower Haight is a historic and charming neighborhood that borders the Castro, Haight-Ashbury and the Mission. Great restaurants, bars and shopping. We are surrounded by 4 beautiful parks that are all a 5 minute walk: Alamo Square, Duboce Triangle, Buena Vista and the pan-handle of Golden Gate Park.
Lower Haight is a vibrant, bustling and safe neighborhood that has plenty of character. You're a short walking distance to everything you could possibly want - great food, cool bars, plenty of coffee shops and boutiques. There's a grocery store half a block away.
Lower Pac Heights is one of the hotter and hipper neighborhoods in San Francisco with endless possibilities for dining, entertainments, walks and fun.
Lower Pacific Heights is a diverse area like all of San Francisco. There is a corner store half block away @Post, however I recommend taking advantage of the Target and Trader Joe's that are 3 blocks down Geary.  Food and activities described: B Patisserie is a famous cafe that has street seating located on California between Broderick and Divisadero (5.5 blocks away) that is worth checking out to start your day. On that same block is Tataki, really great sushi, and Wildhare, a fun bar when a game is on or on the weekend. If you take the 38 to the Clement and 3rd Avenue there is a stretch of great restaurants and Vietnamese groceries that sell very inexpensive produce. Burma Superstar or sister restaurant, B Star are worth trying! The 2, 38, or a 15-20 minute walk will land you in Japantown where Yankini Q is the best Korean BBQ, buffet is $18 if I remember correctly. They do not take reservations, so put down your name and enjoy a drink close by! The Kabuki baths are amazing in Japant
Lower Pacific Heights is a gem of a 'hood!  -5-minute walk to Japantown (Sushi, Ramen, Karaoke and more)  -Live music, restaurants and great shopping in the Fillmore  -Great bar hopping and restaurants along the Polk Street corridor (sports bars, wine bars, cocktail bars and everything in between plus late night food)  -Easy access to great cocktail bars and galleries in the Tenderloin  -Just a few blocks from tony Pacific Heights (and all its gilded mansions)  -A 15 minute walk to Hayes Valley  -15 minutes by bus (or 5 minutes by car) to Fisherman's Wharf -We're also a straight shot to the Mission which you can take an Uber/Lyft to or hop on the 49 bus at Van Ness  -Whole Foods Supermarket a few blocks away for quality produce -BevMo two blocks away with a mega selection of wine, beer and spirits -Safeway Supermarket is a 10 minute walk, 3 minute drive -Daiso, a Japanese 99 cent kind of store with fun knick-knacks and furnishings -Nijiya Market for Japanese food products -Beat the cro
Lower Pacific Heights is a great, centrally located neighborhood. Within walking distance is the Presidio, Fillmore Street, Japantown, Sacramento Street, and Alta Plaza Park.
Lower Pacific Heights is central to EVERYTHING in SF! 3 miles from Golden Gate Park, 1.2 miles to Dolores Park. Easy access to so many parks (Hamilton park is across the street). This building is right between Fillmore and Divisidero - 2 major streets with the best food, brunch spots, outdoor music (especially Fillmore on the weekends), bars, and coffee spots.
Lower Pacific Heights is in the center of SF (literally). Our home is walking distance to Japantown, Fillmore Street and Polk Street - all of these have amazing restaurants. Muni stop is 2 mins away and you can reach all the tourist spots within 10-15 mins!!
Lower Pacific Heights is one of the most beautiful and culturally diverse neighborhoods in San Francisco. The main drags down Divisidero Street and the Fillmore Blues District are home to dozens of boutiques, mom-and-pop resturants, dive bars, lounges, and fine dining. Pacific heights luxury shopping and Japantown cultural center is a also a short, beautiful walk away. Just ten minutes and see historic Alamo Square. Central location makes it easy to get to Presideo Park and Golden Gate Park for your day's activities. Location really is a TOURISTS DREAM!
Lower Pacific Heights is one of the most coveted spots in SF because of it's central location and ease of access. You can pretty much get to all top SF neighborhoods within 10-20 minute walking distance in all direction. Coffee shops are nearby as well as top of the line shopping experiences on Hayes street, Fillmore and Sacramento.  
Lower Pacific Heights is very centrally located. You'll be walking distance from the many restaurants and shops in the Fillmore District and on Sacramento Street, as well as Japantown, NOPA, and the Presidio. It's also easy to get to Union Square and all of the major tourist sights on public transit. We are well served by 4 major bus lines that run frequently.
Lower Pacific Heights, also known as the Upper Fillmore is a neighborhood in San Francisco, California. It is located in the area between Pacific Heights, the Fillmore District, Laurel Heights, and Japantown. The neighborhood is centered on the commercial corridor of Fillmore Street between California and Post streets. Historically, the area was considered part of the Western Addition. Long a middle-class neighborhood geographically and socially intermediate between Pacific Heights and the Lower Fillmore, the area became wealthier and more upscale with the escalation of San Francisco property values in the 1980s and 1990s. It was during this time that the designation "Upper Fillmore" fell out of favor and "Lower Pacific Heights" came into increased use.  Sometimes overshadowed by its older sibling to the north, centrally located Lower Pacific Heights has its own unique charms. Easy access to the city’s urban core, an eclectic mix of restaurants and shops, and classic San Francisco arch
Lower Pacific Heights, only 2 blocks away from Fillmore street which is filled with tons of restaurants and shops. Only .6 miles from the popular Polk Street, and walking distance to the Painted Ladies. This is a very central location within SF which is great for visitors!
Lower Pacific Heights/The Fillmore is quickly becoming one of the most popular hip neighborhood and luckily you will be staying in the heart of it all!
Lower pac heights is steps to Japantown, minutes to the marina/downtown/Hayes valley.
My 1 bedroom apartment is located right at the intersection of Hayes and Octavia, in the heart of Hayes Valley. It is steps away from many local restaurants and bars in the neighborhood and a 10 minute walk to the Lower Haight, the Mission, and Castro districts. It is blocks away from Civic Center, including the San Francisco City Hall, the Opera House, and the Davies Symphony Hall.
My apartment is located at the edge of the great San Francisco Earthquake and fire, so you're extra safe. : ) It's two blocks from the Spreckels Mansion (owned by the notorious Danielle Steel), but a one mile walk from the Opera, Symphony, and Ballet. Most tourist activities are within a 25 minute walk; biz district is 20 minutes walk.
My location is so ideal because you can walk to hundreds of cafes, restaurants, music venues and beautiful parks within minutes... But my home is like a sanctuary amidst the activity of the city.  Its very beautiful and quiet and has 2 private decks, and a shared garden with dozens of blooming flowers.
My neighborhood is central, quiet and residential.  We are 4 blocks from the forested Precedio for walking or running or exercising.
My studio is located directly on San Francisco’s famous Alamo Square park, steps away from the iconic Painted Ladies and some of the best views in the city. The neighborhood has become one of the hippest and most desirable in the city, with immediate access to some of the most well known San Francisco restaurants, bars, cafes, coffee shops, and boutiques, including Nopa, The Mill (Four Barrel Coffee), Bi-Rite Grocery, 4505 BBQ, The Independent, and more right outside your door.
NOPA - this is the newest hipster hangout in San Francisco, and one of the most desired areas to live in... think parks and coffee shops and restaurants.... a great place to relax with 10 minute bus rides to down town.
NOPA area is in the center of the city within walking distance of Golden Gate Park and the Haight.  Mere steps from Little Star Pizza, MiniBar, 4505 BBQ, NOPA Farmer’s Market, La Urbana, NOPA, and BiRite Market.
NOPA has a a lot of history behind it.  Full House was filmed at Alamo Square and you can see the three houses (painted ladies) from the park.  There is some AMAZING food near by. We are foodies so trust us.  Here are my recommendations: Bar Crudo, NOPA, 4505 BBQ, StateBird provisions, Little Star Pizza, Ragazza Pizza.  Feel free to ask for more.
NOPA is an amazing neighborhood. Our home is 1 1/2 blocks from hip Divisadero Street with great boutiques and restaurants.  We are three blocks from beautiful Alamo Square Park with the famous row of Painted Ladies and killer city views and a short walk to the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park. We are also within walking distance of the famous Haight-Ashbury neighborhood.
NOPA is in the heart of the city with many attractions and great restaurants minutes away. The location can't be beat! Shop for groceries at the Bi Rite market, dine at NOPA - one of the best restaurants in SF, stop by The Mill for coffee and fresh baked bread or walk to Japantown for a bowl of ramen.  Alamo Square's painted ladies are minutes away or explore Golden Gate Park, the De Young Museum, the historic Fillmore district and more all within an easy walk from our flat.
NOPA is one of SF's favourite neighbourhoods. You are surrounded by restaurants, bars, cafes, grocery stores (even Bi-Rite!), convenience stores, banks, and the historic Alamo Square park. Golden Gate Park is within a few blocks and the surrounding neighbourhoods are fun to visit within walking distance: Hayes Valley & Haight Ashbury.
NOPA is one of the best  neighborhoods in San Francisco. You don't really need to go anywhere since there are a lot of restaurants, cafes, and grocery stores nearby. There is a historic Alamo Sq park 5 min away, Panhandle and Golden Gate park within a few blocks. If you are looking to venture out you can walk to Pacific heights or Hayes Valley. Other neighborhoods are within $10 Uber ride. It is very safe and has a lot of parking available nearby (parking is scarce in SF)
NOPA is one of the hottest neighborhoods in SF, perfectly central to everything in the City. Walking distance to both Alamo Square Park (aka the Full House houses!) and historic Haight Ashbury, and chalked full of some of the best new restaurants in town. Go for a long run in Golden Gate park, dine up and down Divisadero, or walk over the hill to Hayes Valley for the best shopping in SF. Centrally located, a $7 Uber can get you anywhere you need to go!
NOPA is the best neighborhood in SF. It's low key, filled with amazing food, and has beautiful spots to walk around and hang out.
NOPA is the new Mission. It's a neighborhoody neighborhood. With TONS of coffee places, restaurants, farmers market etc. but not as crowded as the Mission.
NOPA is the perfect neighborhood for travelers. It contains many amazing restaurants and shops, fun bars, and is right next to the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park.
NOPA is up and coming with new great shops popping up all over Divisadero street.
NOPA is very central and lots of good restaurants and cafes.
NOPA, north of panhandle is a quite residential area located near the Panhandle Park which connects with Golden Gate park. We are walking distance to many of San Francisco's main attractions and with easy access by bus to many others. 3 Blocks away is Divisadero strip with plenty of restaurants, bars and cafes. Parking during the day has 2 hour permit restrictions but at night is not so difficult.
NOPA/Panhandle/Haight/Lower Haight
Near Alamo Square and Golden Gate Park - both great places to walk & explore.
Near Laurel Heights, Japantown, Clement, Geary, Fillmore, Divisidero, Haight Asbury - all with great restaurants, bars, cafes and shops.  Near shopping  - City Center Mall with Best Buy, Target , Trader Joes.  Near Golden Gate Park, Presidio, Alamo Square Painted Ladies, Alta Plaza, JCC, Near job, education and medical centers -  USF, UCSF Mt. Zion, and Kaiser.
Nearby Good Restaurants : Green Chile Kitchen, The Corner Store, The Pig and Whistle Bar and Restaurant, Mini Bar, Godzilla Sushi, Assab, Brenda's Meat & Three, Kung Food, Little Star Pizza.. For breakfast:  Lucky Penny, Brenda's Meat & Three, Pete's Deli & Cafe, Green Chile Kitchen, Papalote, The Corner Store, Panera Bread, and OPA. Supermarkets: Target, Best Buy, Ulta Beauty,Trader Joe's, Lucky, Falletti Foods, Walgreens, Safeway.
Nearby market:  Right out the front door, right at the corner.  At the next corner (Haight and Scott) organic market on the right, regular corner store on the left Big Grocery:  Safeway at Market and Church Cafe/coffee:  For Haight street character: Cafe International  (Haight and Fillmore); For a decent place to go with your laptop: Bean There (Steiner and Waller); For the Frenchie feel:  Le Cafe du Soleil (Fillmore and Waller).  Slightly further but very cute for breakfast/brunch: Cafe Flore (Market and Noe).  If you are a coffee connoisseur - The Mill (Divisadero and Fulton) Drinks:  Famous for its beer on tap: Toronado (Haight between Steiner and Fillmore; get a sausage at Rosamunde next door while you are there); Funky: The Noc Noc (a few doors towards Steiner, next to Toronado); Trendy, fancy cocktails: Maven (Haight and Steiner).  Several good bars at Divisadero between Fell and Fulton too (Madrone, MiniBar, the bar at NOPA, Fly Bar). Restaurants:  Popular, hip and delicious Cal
Nearby: Maven, Molotov's Uv Enotec Peacock Lounge, Noc Noc, Love N Haigh Deli & Cafe, Toronado, Estrella Taqueria, Raijin, Nara Restaurant and Sake Bar, Cafe International, Metro Caffe Iza, Ramen, Indian Oven and so much more!!
Neighborhood is great with lots of bars restaurants and coffee shops nearby. A new brewery is just a few blocks away, great coffee shops, restaurants and good neighbors. 
Nested near Alamo Square, Haight-Ashbury, Duboce Triangle and the Castro, Lower Haight is a fantastic central neighborhood that was recently voted best SF neighborhood two years in a row by Curbed SF. In this video made by a neighbor a tribute to our neigborhood (and a sneak-peek for our guests): (URL HIDDEN) It is indeed geographic and functional crossroads connecting several key neighborhoods, with two Muni trains and several Muni buses passing through. You can stroll (15 minute walk) to Hayes Valley's trendy restaurants and glam boutiques. You can pick up picnic fixings in Divisadero/NoPa (North of Panhandle) for lunch atop Alamo Square Park (5 minute walk) admiring the Painted Ladies. Otherwise, hop the bus straight to the Upper Haight (10 minute ride) for a walking tour through hippie history and then explore the Golden Gate Park. The apartment is located just half a block away from Haight Street and a couple of blocks from Divisadero Street. In both directions you can find: many 
Next to historic fillmore district with many shops. Safeway also two blocks away. Geary street is a main bus route directly to superbowl area downtown.
NoPa (North of the Panhandle) is the HIPPEST "new" neighborhood in SF! Cool restaurants, shops, coffee houses, live music venues - all surrounded by beautiful homes and a multitude of gorgeous parks: Alamo Square Park (home to the famous "Painted Ladies" Victorian houses), Panhandle Park , Golden Gate Park (with museums, lakes, boating and more!), Duboce Triangle, Dolores Park and others!
NoPa is a thriving neighborhood with wonderful food, great coffee, charming stores, live music, and easy access to parks. Alamo Square with its iconic line of Painted Ladies (and the Full House house) are a few short blocks away along with SF’s famous Golden Gate Park with its museums and miles of walking paths. Right off the Divisadero Street main drag, it is a lovely neighborhood for long walks full of beautiful homes and local gems. We have a small organic grocery store half a block away, and several other grocery stores in easy walking distance including Trader Joe’s, Luckys, and Bi-Rite. There are also many restaurants and bars along Divisadero Street, which is a block away.
NoPa is the best! :)  It's right in the middle of San Francisco and a wonderful neighborhood to explore - lots of new stores, cafes and restaurants have been and are opening everywhere and yet NoPa has preserved its charm with beautiful old Victorian houses and tree-lined streets. It's a very friendly place and if you have time check out one of the local coffee shops or wine bars for a relaxing drink.  Explore within walking distance: Alamo Square (Painted Ladies), Panhandle & Golden Gate Park, Buena Vista Park, Haight Ashbury, Divisadero Street (with lots of restaurants and stores), markets and grocery stores. You can also walk through the parks to the De Young Museum, Japanese Tea Garden, Academy of Sciences and Conservatory of Flowers (20 minutes) or take the 5 Fulton bus (7 min).  We marked our favorite spots on the map, enjoy! :)
NoPa is, in my opinion, on of San Francisco's best and cleanest neighborhoods.  Closest bar and restaurant are across the street, but also a 5-10 minute walk from Haight Street and Divisadero Street thoroughfares.
NoPa/Western Addition is a great up and coming neighborhood.  We boast amazing, world-class restaurants like NOPA, and hole-in-the-wall eateries like Little Star Pizza, Nopalito, Bar Crudo and 4505 Meats. Bars, restaurants and cafes are all within a few blocks of the apartment.  There are also two nearby parks (Alamo Sq. - next to the Full House houses, and the Panhandle) where you can take a relax and view some spectacular Victorian architecture.  We are across the street from the 31-Bus, which goes both downtown to the Financial District, the Moscone Center, Union Square and all the way to the beach (also stops near Golden Gate Park). There are numerous other buses just a few blocks away that head to the Mission neighborhood, the Marina, and Crissy Field.
Nopa has it all. We love the friendly people, the popular and delicious restaurants, the nightlife, the parks and the central location to all else this wonderful city has to offer. 
Not on a street with heavy foot-traffic, but close to a few great bars and restaurants up and down Divisadero, including NOPA and 4505.   If you are into music, The Independent and The Fillmore venues are both walking distance, "The Indy" has artists 3-5 days of every week!   Hayes Valley also offers a beautiful outdoor beer garden for a warm summer afternoon.
One block down and you're in one of the most bustling areas of SF - Divisidero street/Lower Haight, full of great restaurants, shops, and bars on every corner (+ catch the Farmers Market on Saturdays).  Alamo Square and the famous Painted Ladies are a few blocks away (great for a daytime picnic). The eclectic Haight District (Haight/Ashbury) is great for people watching, quirky shops, exploring.  The entrance to Golden Gate Park's Panhandle is just one block down, leading into the main park-great for visiting museums, sightseeing, and bike rides (rentals within walking distance).  Buena Vista Park sits directly behind us - awesome for a morning hike and catching some of the best city views. Some of our favorite bars/restaurants/coffee shops/markets are all within 2-10 minutes walking distance. We'll leave you with a list of some of our favorites upon check-in. You will not be disappointed!
One of the great SF walking neighborhoods. Lots of cafes, restaurants, grocery stores, bars and even a movie theater all a half block away.
Our Painted Lady is perfectly located in the 'heart' of the city, and a short two blocks from Alamo Square Park (home to the famous 'Painted Ladies'). The panoramic city views from this park make it the most photographed and filmed location in San Francisco.
Our apartment is located in Duboce Triangle, a quiet residential neighborhood between Hayes Valley, Haight-Ashbury, the Castro, and the Mission. It's easy to walk to restaurants, bars, and shops in each of those neighborhoods.
Our apartment is located in the heart of San Francisco, nestled between the swanky Hayes Valley and the ever hip NOPA. Within minutes walk of all the action and countless cafes, boutiques, and world-class restaurants.  You won't find a more central location in the city! * 2 blocks to the famous Painted Ladies at Alamo Square * 2 blocks to all the action on Haight Street * 2 blocks to Duboce Park * 5-10 minutes walk to all the action in Hayes Valley * 5-10 minutes walk to all the action on Divisdero Street  * 10 minutes walk to the Castro * 10 minutes walk to Filmore Street shopping in Pacific Heights * 10 minutes walk to shopping on Market Street * 10 minute walk to SFJazz centre, SF Symphony, SF Opera House * 15 minutes walk to the Mission District * 15 minutes walk to Golden Gate Park * 5-10 minute taxi to Union Square * 10-15 minute taxi to the Marina, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, the Golden Gate Bridge, Financial District, SOMA, and the Embarcadero For insider tips from locals on t
Our apartment is located in the heart of San Francisco, nestled between the swanky Hayes Valley and the ever hip NOPA. Within minutes walk of all the action and countless cafes, boutiques, and world-class restaurants. You won't find a more central location in the city! * 2 blocks to the famous Painted Ladies at Alamo Square * 2 blocks to all the action on Haight Street * 2 blocks to Duboce Park * 5-10 minutes walk to all the action in Hayes Valley * 5-10 minutes walk to all the action on Divisdero Street  * 10 minutes walk to the Castro * 10 minutes walk to Filmore Street shopping in Pacific Heights * 10 minutes walk to shopping on Market Street * 10 minute walk to SFJazz centre, SF Symphony, SF Opera House * 15 minutes walk to the Mission District * 15 minutes walk to Golden Gate Park * 10-15 minute taxi to the Marina, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, the Golden Gate Bridge, Financial District, SOMA, and the Embarcadero For insider tips from locals on the best things to do in San Francisc
Our apartment resides in Duboce Triangle, a central neighborhood just two blocks the heart of the Castro. Up the hill you will find Corona Heights, a beautiful park and unbeatable view of the city, and just north is Duboce Park, our namesake.
Our area called Lower Pacific Heights is one of the safest and most beautiful areas in SF.  You will be surrounded by turn of the century Victorian home and parks.  You can walk to everything and public transportation is very easy in our area.
Our home gives you the opportunity to live like a local in the Lower Haight which is one of San Francisco’s best neighborhoods.   Our flat is one block from the many bars, restaurants and shops of Haight street.   The flat and the neighborhood are very centrally located allowing you to easily access the best of San Francisco.  The Divisadero Corridor, Mission, Castro, and Hayes Valley are all within a short walk from the flat. You can get to most parts of the city within 10 minutes. Alamo Square and its famous Painted Ladies and Duboce Park are both three blocks away.
Our home is located in the heart of San Francisco in the Alamo Square Historic District. Trendy neighborhoods like Hayes Valley, Divisadero and Lower Haight can be reached by foot within 10 minutes for shopping, dining and entertainment options. Enjoy a night out at the Symphony, Opera, Fillmore Center or SF Jazz Center. Foodies, listen up: We are surrounded by some of the Bay Area’s top restaurants (State Bird Provisions, The Progress, Nopa, Monsieur Benjamin, Petit Crenn, Ragazza, and Rich Table). For a night in, pick up a prepared meal from Bi-Rite on Divisadero, along with a scoop of their famous Salted Caramel ice cream. In the morning, you can walk across the park to The Mill for some coffee and artisanal toast, around the corner to Alamo Square Café, or down to Hayes Valley for a cup of Ritual Coffee or Blue Bottle. If coffee's not your thing, there's also a Project Juice and La Boulangerie de San Francisco in Hayes Valley. Where can I park? Since we are so centrally located in 
Our home is walking distance to Divisadero & California street shops, Japantown, Laurel Village, Lower Fillmore District, UCSF Mount Zion campus, Sacramento street shops, Geary street business district, and Kaiser hospital. Divisadero street is 2 blocks east of my house, and you will find several restaurants, coffee shops including Starbucks, a Wells fargo, Yogaworks yoga studio all located between Post and California on Divisadero.  A laundromat is located about 3 blocks away on Baker and Pine street.  Trader Joes grocery store is about 6 blocks away. Driving from my house its about 10-15 minutes to union square, 15 minute to Chrissy Field, 10 minutes to chestnut and union street shops, and under 10 minutes to Sacramento, Geary, Fillmore and Japan town shops. Its an easy run to the presidio and a slightly longer run to Golden Gate Park, both of which are beautiful places to exercise! The neighborhood is safe for walking around even at night, and has a residential feel with the easy ac
Our hood is close to major public transportation that can take you anywhere. It is also close to many beautiful, fun, hip, and old things in the city! The historic Fillmore theater and district are a couple blocks away. Great jazz! The famous Alamo Square Park and the painted ladies are 1 block away. Lots of grass and sun! Divisadero is a street lined with incredible cafes (famous Mill Cafe), restaurants, bars, music, shopping, and more.
Our house is located one block south of Japantown.  We are in the Fillmore District, so you have multiple options for jazz and other music (the Fillmore theater is around the corner (URL HIDDEN)  There's a multitude of restaurants within walking distance...everything from fast food to excellent Indian cuisine at Dosa (URL HIDDEN) to the trendy State Bird Provisions (URL HIDDEN)  It's a food lover's paradise!
Our neighborhood is incredibly central, located between the Fillmore district, Lower Haight, Hayes Valley, NOPA, Divisidero street, etc. 
Our neighborhood is one of the hottest in San Francisco.   Hayes Valley has cool boutiques, funky shops, coffee shops, art and parks galore.  We're close to Japantown, the Castro, the Mission, Alamo Square and the Haight.  Golden Gate Park is a short bus ride away as is Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, the Embarcadero, Coit Tower, North Beach and Chinatown.  We are literally in the middle of the city, with easy access to all of the sites you want to see.  Our neighborhood is safe for walking, has a vibrant nightlife, sun (in the sunny months) and amazing food.  Within 4 blocks in any direction we have French, American, Soul food, Mediterranean, Lebanese, German, Italian, Japanese (incredible sushi!), Thai and Chinese.  This place is hip, funky, fun, safe and central, what more could you want? If you think of something, mention it to us and we'll try to help you find it.
Our neighborhood is one of the trendiest up and coming neighborhoods in San Francisco. We are centrally located to all must sees around the city.  When you return from your day of exploration, our house is a quiet sanctuary from the hustle and bustle of the city.
Our neighborhood is one of the trendiest up and coming neighborhoods in San Francisco. We are centrally located to all points of interest in San Francisco.  When you return from your day of exploration, our house is a quiet sanctuary from the hustle and bustle of the city.
Our neighborhood, North of Panhandle (“NOPA") is one of the most dynamic and diverse areas of the city. Centrally located between three major parks, NOPA offers a wide choice of cafes, excellent restaurants, shops and entertainment. Our neighbors are friendly and hospitable. We love visitors!
Our neighborhood, known as NOPA (North of Panhandle) is one of the most lively, eclectic and popular areas of the city. Located between three of the city's most beautiful and frequently visited parks, NOPA offers a wide variety of dining, entertainment and sightseeing. Our neighbors are friendly and hospitable. We love visitors!
Our place is in the Western Addition. Pac Heights is just to the north of us, the Fillmore and Japantown to the east, Haight Ashbury, Divisadero and the panhandle are all just to the south. There are lots of great bars, restaurants, and music venues nearby, which we can leave you information about if you're interested. The ocean is a twenty minute bus ride, Haight St. is a fifteen minute walk, and Divisadero is two blocks away. Our house is in the heart of the city, but also offers privacy, peace & (relative) quiet.  You could lounge in our shared backyard, or hang out at the Bush & Broderick mini park; there's a Trader Joe's & a Target within easy walking distance; plus, for live music, the Independent and the Fillmore, both very close by. Lots of great restaurants are within ten blocks of the house: Sweet Lime Thai, Eliza's Chinese food, B Patisserie, My Father's Kitchen (Vietnamese), Pete's Deli, State Bird Provisions, the Corner Store, and the Philly Cheesesteak Shop, just to name 
Our quiet home is within walking distance of Golden Gate Park, Japantown, Alamo Square, and the Divisidero restaurant district. Centrally located, our neighborhood has classic San Francisco edwardian windows and the infamous Painted Ladies!
Our spacious open flat in Lower Pacific Heights is located one block from Fillmore Street. It is filled with great restaurants, fun bars, and convenient transportation to downtown San Francisco. The flat is also located a 5 minute walk from Japantown and Kabuki Movie Theatre.  The major hubs of activity in the area are Fillmore St and Post St. where the majority of restaurants and bars are located. Fillmore and Post St has everything from Peruvian, French, Japanese,  Indian, Italian, to American style diners. All of which is within walking distance.  For more info on Fillmore St and Japantown please visit their respective websites.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS IS ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL NEIGHBORHOODS IN SAN FRANCISCO. YOU CAN WALK TO SO MANY GREAT PLACES FROM HERE. LOTS OF GREAT RESTAURANTS (Delphina Pizzeria, Out the Door, Nico, Spruce, to name a few) WONDERFUL SHOPPING..( March, Sue Fisher King, Hudson Grace, Anthem, Shabby Chic, Future Perfect all close by) Great 2nd hand stores in the neighborhood as well. Movie theatres are also within walking distance..The Vogue, The Clay and Sundance Kabuki.
Pac Heights and NOPA are the jam. Centrally located to everything the city has to offer. Within walking distance: Fillmore, Divis Corridor, NOPA, and Inner Richmond. Within short cab ride: downtown, Mission, Haight, Marina, Sunset, and Outer Richmond.
Pacific Heights is San Francisco's most prestigious, elegant, and ritzy neighborhood. We are only two blocks from Billionaire's Row; which should give you an idea of the vibe here. We are in the heart of San Francisco, conveniently located close to many attractions and amazing neighborhoods. While the immediate region around us is home to families who like to keep it quite; close by there is a little something for everyone. Great restaurants on FIllmore St (only 4 blocks away), and Divisadero st in the Pan Handle; bars and nightlife in the Marina district; historic attractions close to crissy field, the list goes on and on. See Location section for a detailed list of things to do.
Pacific Heights is known for the notable people who reside in the area. It is located in one of the most scenic and park-like settings in Northern California, offering panoramic views of the Golden Gate Bridge, the San Francisco Bay, the Palace of Fine Arts, Alcatraz and the Presidio. Its location provides a temperate micro-climate that is clearer, but not always warmer, than many other areas in San Francisco.  Most of the neighborhood's boutiques and restaurants can be found along Fillmore Street, south of Pacific Avenue. They include stores like Marc by Marc Jacobs, Ralph Lauren, Athleta and Alice and Olivia. Other businesses in Pacific Heights are located on California and Divisadero Streets. 
Pacific Heights is probably the safest neighborhood in San Francisco. It is also the most beautiful, in my opinion, and the location is quiet even though you are in the middle of everything and can get anywhere in the city easily.  Three grocery stores are located on my street in easy walking distance --Whole Foods is a block and a half away. Trader Joe's is six blocks away (might want to take an Uber if you have a lot to carry!), Molly Stone's is four blocks away.    Polk Street and Fillmore street, each full of restaurants and shopping, are both within four blocks of the apartment.
Pearl Market downstairs has any last minute supplies, but if you head north a few blocks, there are world class restaurants, bars, cafes, and Alamo Square Park. If you are on  foot, you'll want to take extra caution (or avoid) East of Divisidero Street between Geary and Fulton.
Perfect central location on quiet street. Easy access to everything. Short walk to Hayes Valley, Market Street, Castro, the Mission Valencia corridor, Lower Haight and Alamo Square.  Steps away from public transportation that will take you anywhere you need to go.  Both the new Whole Foods Market and Safeway are two blocks away.  Duboce Park is also two blocks away.  Many coffee shops and bakeries (Duboce Café, Thoroughbread Bakery and Café du Soleil) are within 2-3 blocks. Views of Twin Peaks and Sutro Tower.  Twin Peaks are two hills with an elevation of about 925 feet near the geographic center of San Francisco. Except for Mount Davidson, they are the highest points in the city.
Plenty of good restaurants (French, Chin., Jap., Indian, Mex., Span., mid-Eastern, N.-African, Sports Bar, Starbucks, Panera, etc.) - last fine dining closes kitchen at 1am; 5 min walk to Panhandle and Golden Gate Park: hike or bike to the Pacific Ocean in the green.  Quick walk to Alamo Square and Haight-Ashbury (10 min.).  Bike ride to Golden Gate bridge, downtown and Fisherman's Wharf.  Grocery Store 5 min., four organic food stores 10 min. on foot.  Target, Trader Joe's, Best Buy, BoA, Chase, DMV, the "Independent" music club, etc. in walking distance too.  Two world class universities nearby (with gym, swimming pool, cafeterias, etc.).
Plenty of good restaurants (French, Jap., Mex., Span., mid-Eastern, Indian, N.-African, Sports Bar, Starbucks, etc.), 5 min walk to Panhandle and Golden Gate Park: hike or bike to the Pacific Ocean in the green.  Quick walk to Alamo Square and Haight-Ashbury (10 min.).  Bike ride to Golden Gate bridge, downtown and Fisherman's Wharf.  Grocery Store 5 min., four organic food stores 10 min. on foot.  Target, Trader Joe's, Best Buy, BoA, Chase, the "Independent" music club, etc. in walking distance too.  Two world class universities nearby (with gym, swimming pool, cafeterias, etc.).
Plenty of good restaurants (French, Jap., Mex., Span., mid-Eastern, Indian, N.-African, Starbucks, Sports Bar, etc.), 5 min walk to Panhandle and Golden Gate Park: hike or bike to the Pacific Ocean in the green.  Quick walk to Alamo Square and Haight-Ashbury (10 min.).  Bike ride to Golden Gate bridge, downtown and Fisherman's Wharf.  Grocery Store 5 min., four organic food stores 10 min. on foot.  Target, Trader Joe's, Best Buy, BoA, Chase, the "Independent" music club, DMV, etc. in walking distance too.  Two world class universities nearby (with gym, swimming pool, cafeterias, etc.).
Plenty of restaurants, shops, cafes walking distance from the apt. (Out the Door, SPQR, Fresca, Woodhouse Grill, Elite Cafe, Florio, Le Boulange, Solstice, Tortilla Heights, Sushi, Fillmore Cafe, Bruno's Pizza, Chicken & Waffles, etc). Safeway supermarket is also a few blocks away.
Pretty much dead-center of SF, geographically speaking. Adjacent to the Castro, Mission, Fillmore and NOPA districts. Duboce park is right across the street.
Probably one of the last, still up and coming neighborhoods in SF. Go check out a concert at the independent, visit all the awesome surrounding parks (Alamo square, Duboce, and Dolores). There's also plenty of trendy shopping and restaurants in the area too. If you rent bikes, we're conveniently located off the wiggle, one of SF's most famous bike routes. And if you drive, we're centrally located, super close to all the major freeways and thru streets.
Quite Neighborhoods.
Restaurants and bars on Divisadero are very popular, Luckys supermarket half a block away. Gourmet food shops within 4 blocks.
Safe & quiet neighborhood with amazing views of the downtown skyline. Easy access to a lot of bus lines, easy to get downtown and to the ocean. 
Safe, quiet, proactive.  Directly next to a community center that hosts daily community events such as beer brewing competition, improv nights, and public potlucks. Target, best buy, and trader joes all three blocks from apt.
San Francisco is full of unique neighborhoods, but I am in love with ours. We are between the Duboce Triangle and the Lower Haight . We're on a quiet, tree-lined street that is 10-minute walk to huge parks with 360 degree views to the Golden Gate bridge, all of San Francisco's skyline, the Oakland Bay Bridge and the hills of Berkeley and Oakland. The Haight (hippies) is a 10-minute walk, as is the near side of the Mission (hipsters). Dolores Park, a big sunny grass park on a palm tree-lined boulevard between the Castro and the Mission, is a 20-minute walk.
Sitting in the crosshairs of both the lower Haight and Divisadero, the neighborhood is thriving with restaurants and bars of every type. One block from major transportation lines, the house is close to parks, including Alamo Square and the Golden Gate Park Panhandle.
Smack dab in the middle of three neighborhoods--Japantown, the Fillmore, And Polk St.--the studio is surrounded by interesting shops and a wide array of delicious food.
Smack in the middle of NOPA with great public transit, close to lots of parks, and coffee shops, bars, restaurants, breweries, bakeries, concert venues, and yoga studios. Easy to get anywhere. This is the perfect place to rest and unwind, while still being in the thick of it all. It's simple but a real oasis. Your dog may be able to stay, depending on a few things. Ask me. Definitely no cats or any other type of non-human animal.
Smack in the middle of the City. Non touristy
Some may call it "Lower Nob Hill," but I still call it the Tenderloin. The neighborhood is full of characters -so if people watching is your thing, you'll never get bored. And because it's downtown, everything is within walking distance (so no need to bring a car). But if your legs are tired, catching a taxi is easy - the apartment building is off one of the main arteries into the heart of the City.
Some of the best neighborhoods in this city are Hayes Valley, the Mission, Castro and Lower Haight. Fortunately, our house is located at the meeting point of all four, so you have access to some of the best food — both quick eats and sit down spots — cafes, parks, bars, shopping and artwork. We are also within a short walk of much of the cultural venues of San Francisco, including the Ballet, Opera House, Symphony Hall, SF Jazz, San Francisco Conservatory of Music, Asian Art Museum, City Hall, Main Library, etc. We are happy to forward you recommendations on places to go for social time, personal time, and community events.
Some of the best neighborhoods in this city are Hayes Valley, the Mission, and Lower Haight. Fortunately, our house is located at the meeting point of all three, so you have access to some of the best food — both quick eats and sit down spots — cafes, parks, bars, shopping and artwork in the city. We are happy to forward you recommendations on places to go for social time, personal time, and community events.
Sunny, easily accessible and central Hayes Valley has everything you need in San Francisco. The fantastic restaurants, the coolest bars, and two of the best coffee shops less than one minute away.
Sunny, easily accessible and central Hayes Valley has everything you need in San Francisco. The fantastic restaurants, the coolest bars, and two of the best coffee shops less than one minute away. 
Super central and trendy!
Super transit friendly.  We are located only two blocks from Church and Market Streets where all subways stop.  Dozens of restaurants, cafes, and nightclubs line nearby Church, Market, and Haight Streets.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD: LOWER PACIFIC HEIGHTS Our house is located on a quiet street, just 3 blocks from Fillmore shopping/dining. Easy access to public transit to key routes that can take you anywhere in San Francisco. It's about 15 minutes by bus to the Financial District and Union Square shopping.  We have lived all over San Francisco, and Lower Pacific Heights is hands down our favorite. It's safe, quiet and features the famous Victorian architecture everywhere you look (including our own home)! Our house is convenient to downtown and is also a short walk to one of the best shopping/dining areas of the city -- the Fillmore. Here, you'll find a ton of boutiques and small, independently owned shops. Finally, our house is a couple of blocks from a beautiful park, Alta Plaza, which has amazing views of the city and the bay.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD: LOWER PACIFIC HEIGHTS We have lived all over San Francisco, and Lower Pacific Heights is hands down our favorite. It's safe, quiet and features the famous Victorian architecture everywhere you look (including our own home)! Our house is convenient to downtown and is also a short walk to one of the best shopping/dining areas of the city -- the Fillmore. Here, you'll find a ton of boutiques and small, independently owned shops. Finally, our house is a couple of blocks from a beautiful park, Alta Plaza, which has amazing views of the city and the bay.
TRANSPORTATION is a snap  IT / SILICON-VALLEY [3-5 minute walk]  Full PUBLIC MuniMetro [3-5 minute walk]  Street-Cars [5-10 minute walk]  Underground [5-10 minute walk]  Easy ACCESS to DOWNTOWN,  the CASTRO-VILLAGE,  HAIGHT/ASHBURY,  the budding LOWER-HAIGHT,  the burgeoning NOPA [North of the Pan Handle]  DUBOCE-TRIANGLE  BUENA-VISTA  TWIN-PEAKS  24th STREET  MARKET STREET Corridor  EMBARCADERO Waterfront  NORTH BEACH  DAVIES MEDICAL CENTER  UCSF MEDICAL CENTER  Very-Close indeed to GOLDEN-GATE PARK and PANHANDLE  DeYOUNG MUSEUM  CONSERVATORY  HALL-of-SCIENCES  JAPANEESE TEA GARDEN  FERRY-BUILDING  FARMER’S MARKETS  GLBTQ-CENTER  NATIONAL GLBTQ-LIBRARY  NATIONAL AIDS-MEMORIAL GROVE  MOMA  SOMA  HARVEY MILK MUSEUM  GLBT HISTORY MUSEUM  JEWISH MUSEUM  CASTRO THEATRE  PRIDE FLAG  BALLPARK  TWIN-PEAKS  COIT-TOWER  TRANSAMERICA PYRAMID  NORTH-BEACH  the BEACH  CLIFF-HOUSE  SUTRO-BATHS  LANDS-END  PACIFIC-COAST-HWY  CHINA TOWN  JAPAN TOWN  MISSION DISTRICT  DOWNTOWN  BUENA-VISTA PARK  DUBOC
The Apt is in one of the best areas of SF,  located in the middle of the city and has a nice mix of locals and visitors. The streets are not congested and are lined with shading trees.
The Castro, Union Square, Fisherman's Warf, BART and numerous bus line that'll get all over the city. are within one block.
The Duboce Triangle neighborhood is located near the center of San Francisco, just below the hilly slopes of Buena Vista between the neighborhoods of the Castro/Eureka Valley, the Mission District, and the Lower Haight. The neighborhood is bounded by Market, Castro and Waller Street and therefore includes Duboce Park and some blocks to its north. Sheltered from the fog by Buena Vista and Twin Peaks to the West and Alamo Square to the North, the area is one of the sunnier districts in San Francisco. Duboce Park and several smaller "pocket" parks provide attractive public green spaces, but the Duboce Triangle is most notable for its lushly landscaped sidewalks and well-maintained Victorian flats and apartment buildings. These are the direct result of the neighborhoods rejection of the wholesale demolition of Victorians and their replacement with slab-like public housing that marred the Western Addition in the 1960s. With its now-mature trees and rejuvenated homes, the Duboce Triangle's d
The Hayes Valley / Lower Haight Neighborhood  is one of the most Dynamic and Fun filled neighborhoods in all of San francisco . Centrally located in the Geographic Center of the city , we offer a Elevated experience when you stay with us ! Great Bars,Parks, Dining is all just a few steps away 
The Hayes Valley neighborhood is centrally located and the perfect jumping-off point to discover all that San Francisco has to offer.  To the south is the Mission District with fine dining, great burritos, and lots of shopping…all within a 20-minute walk.  To the east is the Civic Center, Union Square and the famous Ferry Building via a 15-minute bus ride.  The NoPa (north-of-Panhandle) neighborhood is a 20-minute walk (uphill), with fantastic restaurants like Nopalito, Nopa, Bar Crudo, La Urbana, and more. Other amenities nearby: - Lots of culture and nighlife options nearby including the Civic Center’s Symphony, Opera, and Ballet. The famous “Painted Ladies” in Alamo Square is a few blocks up the hill, plus you can walk to the Lower Haight for some off-beat bars and entertainment. - Amazing shopping with tons of boutiques and specialty stores within walking distance.  There are even shops devoted to Sake (True Sake), French macarons (Chantal Guillon), and made-to-order ice cream (Smi
The Lower Haight is a historic San Francisco neighborhood near Alamo Square, The Fillmore, the infamous Haight/Ashbury, and Hayes Valley. Plenty of great shopping, dining, drinking, and fun within walking distance.
The Lower Haight is at the center of it all. Along with its own set of bars, restaurants, coffee shops, record stores and gift shops, one could easily explore Haight-Ashbury, Duboce Triangle, Hayes Valley and NOPA on foot or by riding a bike along the famous "wiggle" which cuts through the neighborhood. The apartment is only a few blocks away from Alamos Square, Duboce Park, the Panhandle and Buena Vista Park. Golden Gate Park is only one mile away! The area boasts some of the oldest and most unique homes in San Francisco as it was not touched by the  1906 fire.
The Lower Haight is great because of the art, the nightlife including great bars and restaurants, San Francisco character and history as well as neighborly feel.
The Lower Haight is hip, friendly and safe. Lots of awesome shops abound, great restaurants and fun bars. All within easy walking distance. 
The Lower Haight is in the very center of San Francisco, surrounded by great restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and boutique shops, but also very quiet and easy going. The apartment is only a few blocks away from Buena Vista Park, Alamo Square, Duboce Park (just renovated!), the Panhandle, and Golden Gate Park!
The Lower Haight was recently voted the best neighborhood in SF. The neighborhood is loaded with great bars and restaurants. Toronado is famous for serving a wide variety of quality craft beers not frequently found elsewhere. In addition, the neighborhood is very central, with easy access to the many popular neighborhoods and Golden Gate Park. The mission, Hayes Valley, Western Addition, Pacific Heights, and the Upper Haight are all within walking distance. Duboce Park starts on the next block, over, where you can enjoy the park or catch the N train down town, to BART, or out to Ocean Beach.
The Lower Haight/Alamo Square area is beautiful. It is full of verdant parks, exciting people, close to the DeYoung art museum, and at the center of restaurant, bar, and musical life in the city.
The Lower Haight/NOPA neighborhood is bustling with cafes, bars, restaurants and shops, old and new.  Every month there seems to be some new hotspot to go to with all of the great standbys still there. NOPA, La Urbana, Vinyl, Maven, Memphis Minnies and more. Ask us for our local dining guide.
The NOPA district of San Francisco - the name stands for "north of the Panhandle," that sliver of green jutting east from Golden Gate Park - is one of the city's cooler destinations, even as it struggles to maintain its gritty individuality. NOPA has emerged as a kind of cultural bridge between hippie Haight Street and the rest of the city.
The Nopa neighborhood is home to many of SF's best restaurants, shopping, walks (including the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park), and sights (including The Painted Ladies).
The Payne Mansion is central to everything in San Francisco. Walking distance to the Marina, Union Square, Market St., a wide range of shopping, restaurants, and more. A 5 minute cab ride to most major attractions including Pier 39, downtown, and the Golden Gate Bridge. Close to public transportation. Easy walk to Muni, Bus, and Bart. Within a 5 block radius there is; Bevmo, Movie Theater, Walgreens, CVS, convenience stores, dry cleaner, both upscale and casual restaurants/shopping, gyms, the Opera House, and more.
The Western addition is centrally located in the heart of San Francisco. Its literally a 5 minute Lyft or Uber to most parts of the city.  A quick walk to Hayes valley or Pacific heights. Its a clean neighbor hoood, no Tenderloin noise or needles.
The apartment is central to several of SF's most favored neighborhoods including the Mission District, Duboce Triangle, Lower Haight, and Hayes Valley itself. Plenty of shopping, restaurants, and nightlife to check out.
The apartment is centrally located and walking distance to Hayes Valley, Fillmore Street, Diviserado, and more.  There are two bus lines two blocks away too.
The apartment is centrally located in the upscale Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco, with easy access to Mollie Stones grocery store, Starbucks across the street, numerous parks within a few blocks and a wealth of bars and restaurants on San Francisco's famous Fillmore Street five blocks away. This is the perfect place to be for Superbowl weekend, with quick access to the freeway on your way to Levi's Stadium.
The apartment is close to so many popular San Francisco attractions. It is located in an historic neighborhood in a classic building. It's in Lower Pacific Heights area, 3 blocks away from Fillmore Street. I love this neighborhood because it is authentic San Francisco.  The Location:  -Walking distance to Fillmore Street, which boasts shopping, restaurants, bars, theaters, and much more! Check out my Guidebook for some fab suggestions!  -Numerous bus lines available that can take you anywhere you want to go in the city. -Mollie Stone's grocery store is only 5 blocks away.  -Ample street parking (Overnight parking) in the neighborhood.
The apartment is located in San Francisco's famous Japantown/Fillmore District (NOPA/Lower Pac Heights), where you can sit and relax at the peace plaza or enjoy the various shops and restaurants located in the Japan Center. There are also dive bars with live music (the Boom Boom Room), nightclubs (Origin, Sheba Lounge), gourmet restaurants (State Bird Provisions, Fat Angel, Dosa), music venues (The Fillmore, Yoshi's) and beautiful parks (Alta Plaza Park, Lafayette Park) all within walking distance of the apartment. There is also a movie theater (Kabuki Theater) and a relaxing spa (Kabuki Hot Spring) to enjoy after a long day of exploring San Francisco. Forget about trying to fight the crowds around your hotel downtown! Experience the city from our spacious and cozy apartment in one of San Francisco's finest neighborhoods!
The apartment is located in the Fillmore district which offers lots of shopping, cafes, restaurants and is a perfect location to walk to Hayes Valley, Marina, Nob Hill.
The apartment is quite centrally located and a short walk to Japantown, the Fillmore District, Hayes Valley and Lower Pacific Heights.  The building complex is unusually spread out with lots of green space. Our streets are tree lined and parking is actually oddly very easy, however it is mostly 1 or 2 hour parking without a resident permit. Traffic noise varies. Sometimes it is extremely quiet, other times there are a lot of cars going by the bedroom window, though it is a slow residential street. There is a sort of suburban feel right out the door, but it rapidly changes block by block to all sorts of different environments in a way that only San Francisco can.
The apartment is really sandwiched between 4 great neighborhoods. You can go North and be in Nob Hill, East into Pac Heights, South into Hayes Valley, and West to Polk Gulch. Grocery stores, restaurants, night life and everything in between is almost literally right around the corner in any direction.
The best of Lower Haight right here: grab a sausage at Rosemead's and bring it next door to Tornado for a the largest draft beer selection in the city.  You're also literally central to all things SF- walk to Dolores Park, the Mission, peruse Divisadaro or just hang on the front steps for great people watching
The building is located in an upscale neighborhood with families and dogs aplenty.  The area is booming and there are great things to enjoy within a block or 6. To start, walk west on Waller for two blocks and you will find one of my favorite coffee shops (Cafe du Soliel), they have jazz on certain nights and WIFI at all times.  Mustafa is the owner and is a great guy.  Or, walk another block west and there is another more laid back coffee shop - "  Bean There" at the corner of Steiner and Waller.  Turn left on Steiner and you will be at Duboce Park within a block on your right. For Groceries- Whole Foods, Safeway and several smaller organic markets are 2 blocks away.  Take a left out of the house, a right on Buchanan and Whole Foods is 2 blocks straight ahead.  Safeway is 2 blocks on your right. For shopping, restaurants and some light night life, head to Hayes Valley or over to the Lower Haight.  Hayes Valley has some great funky bars and restaurants, along with some more upscale and
The easy access and proximity to all the different locations and neighborhoods in San Francisco. Hayes Valley is on of the most desirable areas to live in our city, with an amazing amount of restaurants, bars & shopping. A couple of blocks from Bi-Rite food store, a block from Alamo Square with the famous "7 Painted Ladies/Sister" 
The famous Fillmore street shops and restaurants are a block away. the street is safe and bright and bustling by day, and late nights quiet to let you rest. Bakeries, Walgreens, bars and 6 great restaurants are within 2 blocks,. Within 3 blocks are over a dozen great places to eat, ranging from fine dining to simple cuisine and comfort food and over ten clothing and jewelry shops.  A cinema, live music and two markets within 5 blocks. Central SF location makes for an easy commute anywhere in the city.
The heart of the city! Divisadero is full of tons
The historic Alamo Square neighborhood is located between Divisadero and Fillmore, just north of Hayes Valley and Lower Haight. Easily walk to the iconic Painted Ladies, baked bread at the Mill, decadent ramen at Yamadaya, happy hour at Bar Crudo, or Motown night at Madrones.
The home is in the Alamo Square Historic District which surrounds Alamo Square Park. The famous painted ladies viewpoint is a 2-3 minute walk from here. Divisadero Street is one block away and has many cafes, restaurants, and small grocery stores. On Sunday is a farmers market two blocks away.
The home is in the Alamo Square Historic District which surrounds Alamo Square Park. The famous painted ladies viewpoint is a 2-3 minute walk from here. Divisadero Street is one block away and has many cafes, restaurants, and small grocery stores. On Sunday is a farmers market two blocks away. Alamo Square is very central with easy access to all parts of San Francisco. The home is very close to Lower Pacific Heights, Hayes Valley, Castro, Golden Gate Park.
The house is in the Lower Haight/Hayes Valley neighborhood which is right in Very Center of San Francisco, in a fantastic fun area!  You can walk almost everywhere from here. Close to many great restaurants & shopping in Hayes Valley & Lower Haight and Divisadero street, a nice walk to the Mission, the Castro & Golden Gate Park. Lots of public transportation 1 block from the house and very easy to get downtown for work, no need for a car here! 
The house is located in the heart of vibrant Hayes Valley with its unique restaurants & bars and fashion stores.
The house is located right in the historic neighborhood of Alamo Square ("Painted Ladies" of Full House TV show) part of San Francisco  Blocks away from Haight Street/Hayes Valleys/Castro district/Market Street    Walking distance from famous local bars, restaurants, hippie stores, clubs, organic markets, yoga studios, and more
The house sits between the Lower Haight and Hayes Valley and has a sunny neighborhood feel. Hayes Valley has lots of more upscale restaurants, shops, and cafes. Lower Haight has wonderful beer bars, thai food, and an overall more gritty feeling. Both are great.
The location couldn't be more centrally located, situated literally on the corner of 3 neighborhoods; Lower Pacific Heights, Russian Hill, Nob Hill, and with Civic Center, Japantown, and others just a short walk away.  You can see all of these from the wrap-around balcony, with stunning sunrise and city light views. We are within 1-3 blocks of Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, several neighborhood produce markets, CVS, and Walgreens.  There are countless restaurants and bars on the next street over, on Polk, with every food or drink option at your fingertips.  Most will happily deliver to the apartment! There are 2 paid garages within 2 blocks, and plenty of street parking (just be sure to double check all signs).  The building has a convenient short-term loading zone in front, making arrival and check-out a breeze.  We have a Starbucks in our lobby, and a Peet's Coffee right across the street.
The location in Lower Pacific Heights is perfect for vacationing or working in the city.  At the heart of 7x7 San Francisco, it is easy to reach vibrant downtown to the east or the beaches to the west.  A few blocks from the famous restaurants, coffee shops, and shopping along Upper Filmore and Sacramento Streets.  Run or bike north in the Presidio or Golden Gate Park.     Although the location is central, the neighbor is quiet.  The house is located on a residential street with many Victorian and Edwardian homes.
The location is ideal - within a 2min walk to the California/Sutter/Post MUNI and within 2 blocks from Whole Foods on California and close to Polk Street, Fillmore Street, and Lafayette Park.
The location is right in the middle of San Francisco. It is convenient to several bus lines, is walking distance to many sites - Haight-Ashbury, The Castro, Hayes Valley, the Western Addition and the Mission.
The neighborhood (Alamo Square) is super convenient to many others (Hayes Valley, Lower Haight, Fillmore District) You can walk to just about anywhere even Downtown which is about a 40 min walk.
The neighborhood is a perfect 10, close to public transportation, golden gate park, restaurants and shops. You will be one block off of Lower Haight and within walking distance of Alamo Square Park (5 minutes), Haight Ashbury (10 mins), Hayes Valley (10 mins), Castro (15 minutes), Japan Town (20 minutes), and Golden Gate Park (30 minutes). MUNI stops are just a few minutes away and can take you conveniently up to Marina or down to the Mission.
The neighborhood is bustling with awesome bars, restaurants and shops. Everything you could possibly need is in walking distance. The space is situated perfectly between the Castro and Haight but you may not even need to venture too far as there are grocery stores, banks, laundry mat, bars and great foodie stops. There are plenty of places to explore, Buena Vista park and Dubose park, both great places to lounge around, are 5 minute walk away. If you're feelin funky, Haight street has tons of vintage stops which is a 10 minute walk away.
The neighborhood is called Duboce Triangle, and it's near the Lower Haight neighborhood. I'm one block from Duboce Park (great place to chill out), two blocks from the Muni (light rail), one block away from a great little coffee shop (Cafe Du Soleil), two blocks from the Lower Haight strip of restaurants (Indian, Italian, Thai, BBQ), and a 10-minute walk from Hayes Valley (fancy restaurants)
The neighborhood is centrally located.  It is easy to get anywhere in the City from here.  The main walking corridor (Divisadero Street) is just a few blocks west.  The highlight of the neighborhood is Alamo Square Park, which is directly across the street.
The neighborhood is definitely a perk!   - Grocery store: Across the street (I can't even begin to explain how convenient this is) - Papalotes, Barrel Head (New popular brewery), Dry Cleaners: Next door - Golden Gate Park: 5min walk (For people who love outdoors) - Coffee shops galore: 5min walk - Target and Best Buy: 5min walk - Haight Street and Divis (Popular street with tons of restaurants and bars such as NOPA, 4505 Meats, The Mill, Madrones, Bar Crudo, etc, etc, etc):  8min walk - Dolores Park: 12min bike - SOMA: 15min bike - Location, Location, Location!
The neighborhood is lower pacific heights, but also is on the boarder of the Presidio Heights, Laurel Heights and Pacific Heights neighborhoods. 
The neighborhood is relax and central, located in the Heart of San Francisco
The neighborhood is simply beautiful, with restored late 1800/early 1900's Victorians all around.  Buena Vista Park is just a couple of blocks up the hill surrounded by amazing archictectural gems and breathtaking views of the city and the bay.  Duboce Park a block away is also surrounded by such quaint beautiful houses that they are on the tour bus route (those buses avoid our block because of our short  hill, keeping our section of our street a quiet secret!)  Yet with Haight St and Divisadero just a block away, public transportation, grocery stores, cafes and restaurants abound within a short walk.  More details about my favorite spots in the neighborhood are emailed to all my guests.
The neighborhood is the Lower Haight. The space is a 2 block walk from Haight & Fillmore which is the center of the Lower Haight. The area is known as a space for locals, and so is filled with exotic cafés, restaurants and bars. Things that tourists almost never see! All of this is literally 1 block away; so you will be in the heart of the action (if you want)!
The neighborhood is very central and in a hip, bustling part of San Francisco (NoPa/Alamo Square). There are many great restaurants and bars, plus you have Alamo Square park as your front yard with The Panhandle and Golden Gate Park just a short walk away. Great, nearby spots include Nopa, The Mill, 4505 BBQ, La Urbana, Bean Bag Cafe, and Tsunami Sushi.
The neighborhood is very vibrant and there are about 15 restaurant around the block from our location. The apartment is very centrally located, yet has a great neighborhood feel to it. Coffee shops are plenty around our house. There is also some corner stores and a CVS located around the corner. 
The neighborhood of Nopa is a very desired and wonderful neighborhood. It is surrounded by bars, markets, retail spaces, in minutes walking to University of San Francisco. It is also less than eight minutes walking to Haight-Ashbury area, as well as a few blocks to Golden gate Park.
The neighborhood of Nopa is a very desired and wonderful neighborhood. It is surrounded by bars, markets, retail spaces; in minutes walking to University of San Francisco. It is also less than eight minutes walking to Height-Ashbury area, as well as a few blocks to Golden gate Park.
The neighborhood puts you at the center of what makes the city truly great. With countless only-in-SF-type bars, restaurants, and performance venues right outside, you'd have to try pretty hard not to find a good time any night of the week.
The place is in the heart of SF near Duboce Park, Hayes Valley, Upper Haight and Alamo Square. It is extremely safe and lively.
The restaurants, cafes, coffee shops, and boutiques are some of the best in SF.  This is the street with sophistication without attitude.  Whole Foods is located 4 blocks away and what's not to like about that?  You don't need a car to meet your every day needs as everything is within walking distance.  You're also centrally located within SF, so cab rides are affordable to almost any other neighborhood. 
The rich history of music that comes in the Fillmore. The Fillmore, the Boom Boom Room and Sheba Piano Lounge to name a few. Great food as with the likes of State Bird Provisions out the backdoor, Fat Angel out the other door, and Woodhouse Fish Co. right up the street.
The shops, the restaurants, the proximity to everything including the Jazz center, opera house, nightlife, Alamo square park, and much more.
The studio is near several public transportation options, including the 38 Geary right around the corner, making everything in the city easy to get to. The 1 California, 2 and 43 busses are also just a couple of minutes away. By foot there are also countless places to explore, shop and dine including Fillmore, Divisadero, the Marina, Golden Gate Park, Japan Town, and the lovely, delicious Inner Richmond District.
The surrounding neighborhoods are vibrant. Hayes Valley just down the hill, the Castro a 5-10 minute walk, and the Lower Haight/Nopa all around us. If you want to dine in some of the hottest restaurants in the city, and then not have far to get home, this is the place. There is easy access to the Mission on the bus/Muni lines as well.
There are 218 restaurants within a 15 minute walk. The apartment is in the Hayes Valley neighborhood in San Francisco. Nearby parks include Octavia Blvd, Koshland Park and Strauss Playground.
There are an abundance of families in the neighborhood and Duboce Park is a local hang out.  We are also just across the street from a dead end, which allows for playing/riding in the street, unheard of in the city.  We are east of the fog line, so even when much of the city is fogged in, it is still sunny.  We are on a major bike route thru San Francisco, so fun to watch as bikes go by, as well as easy access for safe cycling.
There's a lot to love. One block away is Green Chile Kitchen - a hip New Mexican restaurant and across the street from that is great coffee. Our house is very centrally located so its a great launching point to explore the whole city. You can hop the bus to the beach or downtown easily. The classic Painted Ladies row of Victorian homes are just a few blocks away at Alamo Square Park. Governor Jerry Brown grew up in this neighborhood, as did his father.
There's countless amazing restaurants, bars, clubs, shopping and great routes for urban hiking just blocks away! I moved into this area specifically because it's so centrally located.
This artsy little niche below Haight-Ashbury shares a similar eclectic character, but its bars and restaurants offer a more intimate (and less abrasive) vibe. Although it still sports trendy hotspots with slightly seedy allures, they feel decidedly less traversed than its counterpart's untamed establishments. Lower Haight's cool nonchalance and convenient location make it a choice destination for casual entertainment, day and night.
This flat is located super centrally – 2 blocks from historic Alamo Square (the "San Francisco postcard houses" called the Painted Ladies) in one direction and 2 blocks from trendy, chic Hayes Valley – lots of shopping and restaurants like Suppenküche, Souvla, Papito, Absynthe, and iconic coffee spots like the original Blue Bottle!
This home is located in one of the most prestigious and sought-after neighborhoods in San Francisco- Pacific Heights To the North is Fishermans Wharf and the Marina To the West is the Golden Gate and Ocean Beach To the East is Union Square and China Town To the South is Twin Peaks and Haight Ashbury
This home is located in one of the most prestigious and sought-after neighborhoods in San Francisco- Pacific Heights To the North is Fishermans Wharf and the Marina To the West is the Golden Gate and Ocean Beach To the East is Union Square and China Town To the South is Twin Peaks and Haight Ashbury DETAILED LOCATION INFO: The home is located on Pine St, the cross street is Divisadero.
This home is really the best of all worlds in San Francisco.  We are located in a hip central area with most of the City's most popular neighborhoods within walking distance - including the Castro, Mission, Haight, NOPA, and Hayes Valley.
This is San Francisco's hottest new neighborhoods and when you visit, you'll quickly see why. The Divisadero Corridor just a block away boasts hip new businesses, restaurants and bars, including a beautiful bakery & cafe, an upscale BBQ restaurant and a grocery store that carries all locally sourced products and makes its own ice cream. In addition to that, we are located in the center of EVERYTHING in San Francisco. Alamo Square, the Castro, Haight-Ashbury, and Golden Gate Park are all within a short walk. Our house is a 5 minute walk from 4 parks: Duboce, Alamo, Buena Vista and Panhandle, and a 20 minute walk to Golden Gate Park. All of them have playgrounds and beautiful views. You can see the Golden Gate Bridge from the top of Buena Vista and the Painted Ladies and downtown from Alamo. All except Buena Vista have new playgrounds. Golden Gate has the Academy of Sciences, the deYoung Museum and the Conservatory of Flowers as well as a turn of the century carousel. It's a great neighb
This is a 2 bedroom apartment. I and my husband live in one of the bedroom. Nearlly Japan town. So many restaurant  Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese, Indian in Fillmore street. You can walking 10 - 20 minute for access all. Parking free around building from 6PM-9AM
This is a 2 bedroom apartment. I and my husband live in one of the bedroom. Nearlly Japan town. So many restaurant Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese, Indian in Fillmore street. You can walking 10 - 20 minute for access all. Parking free around building from 6PM-9AM
This is a highly desirable, central location in SF.  From the front door, you can walk to the Mission, Castro, Hayes Valley, Upper Haight, Alamo Square, Divisidero Corridor—each in under 10 minutes. Golden Gate Park, Buena Vista Park, Corona Heights, and Dolores Park also within easy walking distance. Duboce Park is a couple blocks away. Many of SF's best restaurants, bars and cafés are very nearby. Divisidero Street, home to Nopa, Bi-Rite, Little Chihuahua, 4505 BBQ, and many more, is just a few blocks away. SF's premiere beer destination—Toronado—is a two minute walk up the street. Many hot new restaurants are opening in Lower Haight. You can find the best of most any cuisine in easy walking distance. If you need recommendations, just ask.  Yet, despite being so central and accessible, the neighborhood still feels comfortable, with big sidewalks, tree-lines streets, beautiful historic Victorian homes, and very friendly neighbors.
This is a residential neighborhood about 10 minutes walk from Fillmore Street Restaurants and Jazz district, Sundance movie theatre and, Japan town . We have Trader Joe's, Target, Bestbuy 1 block away. Coffee shops, grocery stores, gyms, yoga studios, churches all within walking distance. Half a mile south of Presidio/Crissy Field/Golden Gate Bridge. Half a mile north of the Golden Gate Park  Parking: Street parking is available, but is limited to 2 hours during Monday-Friday 8am-6 pm, meaning you need to move your car after 2 hours to a new spot. Weekends and holidays are free. Parking is the luck of the draw, some days you will find parking right on my street, other times you will find parking within 3-4 blocks. Breakfast places: Ella - Presidio and California (3 blocks) Sweet Maples - Steiner and Sutter (7 blocks) Panera - in the Target complex (2 blocks). Restaurants on Fillmore: - Roam - Woodhouse Fish Co - Delphina pizzeria - Harrys Bar - Elite Cafe
This is a very walkable area (walk score 91) with so many nice places to go.  Restaurants like NOPA, Urbana, Tsunami, Little Star Pizza, Blue Jay cafe, Bar Crudo, Wine Kitchen.  Coffee shops like The Mill, Apollo cafe, Bean Bag cafe.  Grocery Luckys, Bi-Rite.  Parks close; Alamo square, Golden gate
This is one of the best neighborhoods in SF- you will be just a few blocks from the cute boutiques and shops on Fillmore Street and Polk Street, including a Whole Foods, Trader Joes and lots of great restaurants and bars. There's a couple of gyms nearby, and Lafayette park is just a block away with great views of the city. It's a very kid friendly neighborhood!
This is the PERFECT location. 1 block from Muni trains that take you downtown or out to the beach in a few minutes. 1 block from Whole Foods and local natural food stores. 1 block from picturesque Duboce Park. Walking/biking distance to Golden Gate park, and Dolores park as well. Haight street is a block away, packed with bars and restaurants, laundry, cafes, etc. 
This is the best neighborhood in the city!  There are glorious Victorian homes all around and the most beautiful park in the city is just one block away (with a view of downtown + the Painted Ladies).  You can walk to many restaurants, cafes, and bars from our apartment.  The Independent and The Fillmore (music venues) are less than a ten minute walk away.  Did I mention the Fillmore Jazz district?  Japan town?  Also 10-15min walks!  Hayes Valley:  10 minutes!  Divisadero Corridor / NOPA: 5 minutes!  The Castro and the Mission are both about a 15-25 minute walk.
This location is a walker’s paradise with a Walk Score of 99 out of 100, indicating that most everything is accessible by walking, and very central. The Fillmore is a dynamic neighborhood offering upscale shopping, cafes, a diversity of restaurants, and two parks. Some favorite restaurants include: Dosa's, Pizzeria Delfina, Bun Mee, and State Bird Provisions. Peet's Coffee and Tea and Starbucks are nearby. Alta Plaza and Lafayette Parks are within walking distance and offer panoramic views of the City and the Bay. The historic music venue, the Fillmore, is also within walking distance.  Japantown, just two blocks away, offers unique shops, sushi and noodle restaurants, and a grocery market with Japanese goods. Please refer to the guidebook for additional areas of interest.
This neighborhood has many old victorian (website hidden) is on the edge of downtown with excellent public transportation and easy to walk many places.Flax famous Art supply store is down the street.There are many well liked restaurants in the area.Japanese,French,Italian,Vietnamese,MiddleEastern,California Cuisine,Thai you name it,it's close by. Zuni a famous restaurant icon is 2 blocks away.Samovar Tea Lounge is one block away.Hayes Valley has many boutiques,cafe's restaurants and a park to enjoy.There are several natural food stores and a Safeway nearby.The Symphony,Ballet,Opera House,Main Library,City Hall,SF Zen Center and New SF Jazz center are within walking distance.Local musicians play at the International Cafe on Sunday.
This neighborhood has plenty of great restaurants and coffee shops (Some of the best in SF actually: The Mill Coffee, Matching Half Cafe, Nopa, Nopalito, Ragazza pizza, Little Star pizza, Bar Crudo, 4505 Meats BBQ, and many more) within walking distance of the house. The actual street the house is on is quiet and safe!
This neighborhood is best characterized by: Victorian splendor. It hosts rows of the iconic homes knows as Queen Anne "Painted Ladies". The towered Westerfield House, the renowned "Postcard Row" with its background of the downtown skyline, and the neighboring streetscapes are as identified worldwide with San Francisco. The unit is minutes from Golden Gate Park, Alamo Square Park, and centrally located to all of San Francisco.
This neighborhood is called NOPA, which stands for North of Panhandle Park. The Panhandle Park feeds right into Golden Gate Park...NOPA is quickly becoming one of the hottest neighborhoods in San Francisco and it features a major development project called the Divisidero corridor, which has attracted many of the new and highly reviewed restaurants, bars, grocery stores, shops and boutiques.  We are very close to the upscale Pacific Heights area, and the historic Haight Ashbury neighborhood. We are very conveniently located to many great neighborhoods in SF.
This neighborhood is unique, special, and boasting with character. There are all sorts of restaurants, coffee shops, gourmet markets, clothing stores, and there is an outdoor biergarten that is enjoyed by people all around the world. Although it is in a big city it still has a nice neighborhood feel as it thrives with small mom and pop businesses.
This quintessential San Francisco neighborhood is smack dab in the middle of the best part of San Francisco, and is very walkable with all the fun, funky, and fabulous restaurants, shops, cafes, coffee houses, markets, and other necessities conveniently located within a few blocks. Alamo Square Park and its gorgeous view of the famous Victorian Painted Ladies and downtown is five short blocks away, with Buena Vista Park and the Panhandle to Golden Gate Park just a bit further.
This really is a great part of the city, a few blocks from Alamo Square in one direction, Civic Center in another, Market St. to the south and Fillmore/Pacific Heights to the north. Cafes and restaurants in a 5-10 block radius are numerous. Feels like the West Village in NY or Abbot Kinney in LA. Playground on the corner and a nice small piazza kind of park 2 blocks away, where dogs run and the locals drink coffee and eat good food. This is a flat area surrounded by hills, a little oasis.
This really is a great part of the city, a few blocks from Alamo Square in one direction, Civic Center in another, Market St. to the south and Fillmore/Pacific Heights to the north. Plenty of cafes and restaurants in a 5-10 block radius of fantastic Hayes Valley. A great hood to get around on foot!
Trendy neighborhood - near lots of great restaurants and shops in NOPA and Pacific Heights. Walking distance to Bi-Rite Grocery Target and Trader Joe's. Right near famous ALAMO SQUARE. 10-15 walk to Fillmore Street shops and restuarants.
Trendy neighborhood filled with restaurants, bars, local shops, and Victorian homes. Walking distance to Golden Gate Park, Alamo Square, The Famous Painted Ladies, Haight-Ashbury, and the Castro. Literally in the middle of the city, it is a great home-base to explore San Francisco. 
Triangulated on top of a hill between Lower Haight, Alamo Square/Divisidero, and Hayes Valley, this is the perfect spot to explore the city from.  Lower Haight is gritty dirty, and full of great food and art. Hayes Valley has upscale boutiques, great food, and coffee. Alamo Square offers iconic views. Cool businesses within a mile: - Wing Wings: Best Wings in the City! (2 Blocks) - Glass Key Photo: Camera shop with Found Photos (2 blocks) - Emanuel Coffee: Amazing papusas! (2 Blocks) - Cafe International: Bohemian atmosphere, turkish coffee (3 Blocks) - Rosamunde Sausage Grill: SO GOOD! (3 Blocks) - Toronado: Over 100 beers on tap (3 Blocks) - Noc Noc: Funky Bar with interesting Beers (3 blocks) - Upper Playground: Cool Art and Clothes! (3 Blocks) - Molotov's: Pinball, Pool, No (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Glass (4 blocks) - Biergarten Mmmm, outdoor beer. (Hayes Valley) - Timbuk2: Messenger bags!(Hayes Valley) - Isotope Comic Book Lounge: Best comic shop in the city. (Hayes Valley) - Co
Truly one of the best areas in the city. Easy access to Haight, Divisadero, Alamo Square, Hayes Valley, and Golden Gate Park. Plenty of great restaurants, mom and pop shops on Haight, and parks in the surrounding area.
Two blocks from everything!! Lower Haight - tons of great bars, cafes, restaurants, art galleries. Divisadero - same as above but with my favorite venue for live music in the city called The Independent. Alamo Square - a park with the best view of San Francisco. Full House anyone? Hands down my favorite location in the city of San Francisco. Check the guidebook for my recommendations.
Very active and fun central neighborhood in SF
Very centrally located.  Quiet but close to public transportation.   Good neighborhood associations.  Safe.
Very close to everything walking distance to fine restaurants, shopping and all public transport.
Very desirable area! Great cafés, shops, bars, and parks in several unique neighborhoods within 10-15 minute walk.
Very hype neighborhood with great dining and shopping, one block away from the famous "Painted Ladies" in Alamo Square.   Great Park with playground, one block.   Grocery at both corners, organic market at 3 blocks and big supermarket 8 blocks away.   Fantastic cultural scene down the street:  SF Opera and Symphony Hall,  SF Jazz Center and many theaters.    Check out the last minute tickets. 
Very safe Lots of restaurants and coffee shops to choose from -- Foodie Paradise
W
Walk Score = 97 Transit Score = 100 Bike Score = 92 Hayes Valley is the 15th most walkable neighborhood in San Francisco,  has world-class public transportation and is a biker’s paradise. Restaurants & Shopping: There are about 142 restaurants, bars and coffee shops in Hayes Valley. People in Hayes Valley can walk to an average of 23 restaurants, bars and coffee shops in 5 minutes. Nearby neighborhoods: Lower Haight, Mint Hill, Alamo Square, Civic Center, Cathedral Hill, Western Addition and Duboce Triangle.
Walk to Golden Gate Park. Plenty of good restaurants nearby (French, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Spanish, Indian, CA seafood, Starbucks, Sports Bar, etc.); easy walk to Divisadero corridor with music club "Independent"; a few minutes walk to Panhandle and Golden Gate Park: hike or bike to the Pacific Ocean in the green.  Quick walk to Alamo Square and Haight-Ashbury (10 min.).  Hike or bike to Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, Castro.  Grocery Store 5 min., four organic food stores 10 min. on foot.  Trader Joe's, Target, Best Buy, DMV, etc. within 10 min.  Two world class universities nearby (with gym, swimming pool, cafeterias, etc.).  Japantown, Fillmore district, Pacific Heights, Inner Richmond (w/many Asian restaurants) a 20 min. walk or short Uber/Lyft ride.
Walk/Bus to Marina, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Financial District, SOMA, Castro, Golden Gate Park, Target/Best Buy/Safeway, Fillmore Street/Union/Chestnut Shops and Cafes, and UCSF/Kaiser Hospitals/Medical Center.  Two Bus Stops within one block.
Walking and public transportation score of 95! Muni and light rail lines that will get you just about anywhere in the city are all within a short walking distance. Be downtown within a matter of minutes. The apartment is located just half a block away from both Haight Street and Divisadero Street where you can find all your conveniences -- a multitude of  restaurants , bars, bakeries, homemade ice cream bar, grocery stores, yoga studios and more. Trendy Fillmore street is only several blocks away with even more places to choose from!  Both Alamo Square and Duboce Park are two blocks from the apartment in either direction and Haight-Ashbury hardly needs an introduction. There's a Farmer's Market on Sundays on Divisadero Street and you can get some hiking in nearby at Buena Vista Park, Corona Heights & Twin Peaks.
Walking distance to Divisadero bars and restaurants. The Marina districts is one of the more lively neighborhoods and only a 7-10 minute cab ride away. Easy commute to downtown for those are working in that area or just looking to visit.  Also walking distance to a Target and Trader Joes for added convenience!
Walking distance to Fillmore Street with upscale restaurants and shops. Fun night life just minutes away on Polk Street. Adjacent to Japan Town. Whole Foods just two blocks away. Enjoy a nice walk and incredible views from Lafayette Park. Surrounded by four major bus lines. 15 minute walk to Union Square.
Walking distance to great parks and nightlife- Alamo Square, Golden Gate park, Divisadero St, Hayes Valley and Haight Ashbury.  Here are some of our favorite neighborhood places - Nopa, Mojo Bicycle Cafe, Fly Bar, The Mill, Wine Kitchen, Green Chili Kitchen, Independent concert venue
Walking distance to some of SF's famous attractions, we are in perfect area to take it all in. Restaurants, bars, shops, bus stations, book store are all around our apartment!
Walking distance to the Fillmore Jazz District, Golden Gate Park & Golden Gate Bridge, Laurel Village. 15-30 minute bus/car ride to all major tourist attractions.
Walking distance to tons of cool restaurants, coffee shops, and music venues.
Walking score of 95; public transportation score of 95.  Muni bus lines (6, 7, 24, 71) are two blocks from the apartment and as is the N-Judah light rail. Be downtown in a matter of minutes.  The apartment is located just half a block away from both Haight Street (one block to the south) and Divisadero Street (one block to the west), where you can find all your conveniences -- many restaurants (including cafes, breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner), bars, bakery, wine/deli/cheese store, fabulous organic and homemade ice cream bar, grocery store, wine/liquor store, postal shop, gift shops, salons, beauty store, cleaners, yoga studio and more.  Both Alamo Square and Duboce Park are two blocks from the apartment in either direction. Haight-Ashbury needs no introduction. It provided the backdrop for the 1960's Hippie movement and Summer of Love. Today, the area still maintains its bohemian ambiance and remains a thriving center of independent local businesses. It is home to a number of independen
We LOVE our neighborhood! Adorable restaurants nearby on Divis- Indian, Sushi, Tons of Mexican joints and the famous NOPA restaurant and Bi-Rite grocery and creamery are an easy walk. It's super safe and quiet at night but lively nightlife within a five block walk. Alamo Square is also within a few blocks and the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park is less than ten blocks away as well. Don't forget about Buena Vista Park, for amazing views of the Golden Gate Bridge and downtown SF.
We absolutely love our neighborhood. We walk everywhere and have access to everything we could possibly want...delicious restaurants, fun bars, shopping and beautiful markets (Bi-Rite, Whole  Foods, Falletti)! We are two blocks from the Painted Ladies in Alamo square and you can also easily walk to Golden Gate Park, the Castro, Civic Center, the Opera, Ballet, SF Jazz center...you name it!
We are across the street from the Alamo Square park. Your guests can enjoy taking a group photo from the hillside of the park with the whole row of Painted Ladies and stunning city backdrop, or a group photo from the front steps of the house.
We are at the intersection of three great neighborhoods: Lower Haight, Upper Haight and The Castro.  Each has it's own feel and lots to offer.
We are central to almost anywhere in San Francisco! *Within a 5 block radius there is; Bevmo, 2 Movie Theatres, Walgreens, CVS, Starbucks, gas station, Whole Foods, convenience stores, dry cleaner, both upscale and casual restaurants/shopping, gyms, and the Opera House, Union Square: 12 mins via the 2 or 3 bus Mission District: 15 minutes via the 49 bus (on Van Ness) Financial District / Embarcadero: 15 minutes via the 38 bus (on Geary) or 2 or 3 (on Post) Fort Mason / Golden Gate Bridge / the Marina: 20 minutes via the 47 bus (north on Van Ness) or 22 bus (north on Fillmore) SOMA: 20 minutes via the 47 bus (south on Van Ness) 15 minute walk to BART (underground subway)
We are centrally located between Lower Haight, Fillmore St, Japan Town, and Divisidero corridor. There are tons of restaurants, bars, parks, corner stores, shops, and interesting architecture all around.
We are centrally located in the heart of SF.  Alamo Square / Hayes Valley is one of the most vibrant and revitalized neighborhoods in San Francisco. It includes wine bars, cafes, five-star restaurants, high-end boutiques, clubs, bars, close to movie theaters, Civic Center/City Hall, Asian Art Museum, the symphony & the Opera House and much more.  Public transportation is very convenient with a bus line right across the street if you want to head downtown (21 Hayes) or to the beach. The 5 Fulton line is just 2 blocks away.   You can find some of the best coffee and foods in this part of the city and much more in the nearby districts.  Also within 1 mile walking distance is the Fillmore District which offers the same with a handful of jazz clubs to enjoy.  You have the Painted Ladies to the right and City Hall to the left, Western Addition behind you and the Lower Haight in front of you.  Great spot to be!
We are centrally located near Japan Town, right next to St Mary's cathedral. The area is rated 98/100 in terms walking score in San Francisco. Here is the list and distance to main points of interest: 1. Union Square: 20min walk/10 min by bus. 2. Fisherman's Wharf: 1.5 mile 3. Fillmore street bars and restaurants: 10 min walk 4. Hayes Valley bars and restaurants: 10 min walk 5. Marina and Crissy Field are 1 .5 mile north, and Golden Gate bridge is another 1.5 miles east.  5. Polk St restaurants and bars: 5 min walk 6. Closest supermarket Safeway: 5 min walk 7. City Hall/opera: 15 min walking
We are close to Golden Gate Park, Haight / Ashbury, Divisadero shops and restaurants.  Close to the Golden Gate Bridge, downtown shopping district, great restaurants and bars. USF is 2 blocks away.
We are in Lower Pac Heights / Laurel Heights area of San Francisco. The neighborhood and our location are one of the safest, and most convenient in San Francisco, with a Walk Score of 95.   No more than a 7-minute walk to Target, Trader Joe's, UCSF Laurel Heights Campus; Plenty of food and restaurants ranging from $-$$$, lots of local commerce, manicures, bars, pharmacy, dry cleaners, barber.... you name it!
We are in walking distance of Golden Gate Park, the Presidio National Park, Fillmore Jazz District and 15-20 car ride to Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, SOMA, South Beach, etc.
We are literally in the center of the city, within walking distance to Lower Haight bars and nightlife, the Mission, upper Haight, Hayes Valley, Divisadero Corridor.  We live in between Alamo Square (Painted Ladies) and Deboce Park.
We are located 1 block away from Fillmore St.  There are tons of restaurants and shops.  It is in a great location to explore the city.
We are located 15 min by walk to the city center, in vibrant neighborhoods with access to restaurants, shops, public transport, bar in the same block.
We are located in the Alamo Square area - very central in SF and two blocks from the famous Painted Ladies (the row of Victorians from the opening credits of Full House!).  You can walk to many great neighborhoods from our house and to many restaurants, shopping, cafes, and a movie theatre.
We are located in the vibrant Nopa/Lower Haight neighborhood of San Francisco, where gourmet grocers and coffee shops abound.
We are located off a very busy thoroughfare on a tucked away and VERY quiet street. It's a perfect place to get away from the hussle and bussle while still being walking distance from many great dining and grocery options!
We are located smack-dab in the middle of some amazing neighborhoods. Hayes Valley is quaint, with it's bakery, shipping container coffee, ice cream and juice stands, new Jazz Center and boutique shopping. Alamo Square likes to show off it's incredible view of the city and the Painted Ladies, Lower Haight boasts restaurants, bars and eclectic shops. And of course the Civic Center is the center of theaters, and the Opera and Symphony. All within a 5 minute walk!
We are on a relatively flat, tree lined block with many beautiful Victorian homes, including the famous "Full House" from the TV series. From our home, it is an easy walk to Fillmore St.'s  - Laurel Heights - Pacific Heights - Presidio Heights shops, highly rated restaurants, parks with tennis and basketball courts, state of the art gym with pool, etc.
We are on the Edge, literally and figuratively ! Being a Coastal City on the Western Edge of America , we straddle several of the most dynamic  neighborhoods in the City !!! We are right on the edge of Hayes Valley and The Lower Haight . We are also on the edge of Duboce Triangle, The Castro & The Mission District . Hows that for a fantastic location ? All the best the city has to offer and more only steps away .
We are proud to live in Hayes Valley for more than 15 years. It has developed into a vibrant destination for food and culture. There is amazing German, Greek, Japanese, and Creole food. We have events happening at the Opera, SF Jazz, and at City Arts and Lectures. At Patricia's Green, our nearby plaza, you can enjoy everything from a Blue Bottle coffee to a public art installation.  Any and every weekend is very special, when you get a little taste of life in the Hayes Valley.
We are right in the Heart of San Francisco and there are numerous Restaurants and Bars in the Area !! Also, Have a STARBUCKS in the Building lobby area.
We are right in the middle of San Francisco in the historic North of Panhandle ("NOPA") neighborhood, near Presidio Heights, and accessible to everything this great city has to offer.  The area is very clean and safe, quiet at night and thriving during the day.  Walk among Victorian gems, soak in the cafe and foodie scene, bike to the beaches or the Mission, or take a cab or easy bus to anywhere.  Stroll to these unique neighborhood attractions, all within a few blocks: * Alamo Square's Painted Ladies ("The 7 Sisters")  * Panhandle Park to Golden Gate Park * Amazing restaurants: NOPA, Green Chile, Ragazza Pizza, Crudo (seafood), Nopalito, Tsunami Sushi, Herbivore * Cafe paradise: Matching Half, Abirs, The Mill, Mojo, Peet's  * Wine/bar heaven: Wine Kitchen, Candy Bar, Vinyl, Fly   * Gourmet food to go: Faletti's, Bi-Rite Divis * Farmer's market: Sunday 10-2  * Entertainment: Madrone, The Independent * SF Symphony, Opera, Ballet, Hayes Valley (20 min walk)  * Jazz: The Fillmore, Yoshi's
We are right in the middle of the city! Walkable to the Haight, Castro, Divisidero, Alamo Square and Hayes Valley.
We are right on the beautiful Alamo Square park, and in the vibrant/hipster NOPA neighborhood which is full of the hippest restaurants, coffee shops, local grocery stories and bars.  We're also very centrally located, with a 10-minute bus ride downtown, 10-minute walk to Haight, 15-minute walk to the Castro and the Mission.
We are right on the border of the famous Fillmore district with Pacific Heights.  You will find cafes, restaurants and shops on your doorstep.  The famous Fillmore music hall is just down the road and we have 2 great parks a few blocks away - Alt Plaza and La Fayette where you can see great views of the city and relax in the sun / play tennis / walk your dog.
We are walking distance from some of the best restaurants in the city: NOPA, State Bird Provisions and Bar Crudo to name a few. We are also very close to some great bars and most public transit systems. 
We consider our Townhouse to be located in Hayes Valley, NOT part of Western Addition nor NOPA.  We are centrally located in San Francisco which is very convenient for tourists! "Da Hayes" like we call it, has lots of hip restaurants, bars, coffee storefronts, cafes & mini parks that feature concerts, sidewalk sales, and large sculptures.   Stop by Patricia's Green to grab a scoop of the best ice cream in the City!   We are adjacent to Civic Center's Symphony, War Memorial and Opera House.
We have been in our neighborhood for 40 years.  It is in a perfect location to navigate around the city.  We have a car but MUNI is ridden almost daily by one of us.  It is quiet.  We have small stores and restaurants within easy walking distance. We do rent out the driveway space for $25 per day for those guests who have cars.
We live in San Francisco's NoPa neighborhood - short for "North of the Panhandle", referring to the green stretch of public park that connects the neighborhood to famous Golden Gate Park. NoPa is a centrally located, vibrant residential neighborhood - an area of tree-lined residential streets intersected by a lively boulevard lined with cafes, eclectic store fronts and popular restaurants. Some recently opened restaurants have inspired the neighborhood's latest nickname - San Francisco's "New Gourmet Corridor". It's a very walkable neighborhood: an organic grocery store is just a block away (open late 7 days a week) and every Sunday morning the neighborhood farmers' market offers local organic produce, fresh fish, bread, pastries and flowers along with live music performances on a street block closed to traffic. Some of San Francisco's most popular new restaurants are in short walking distance, along with local coffee roasters, an artisan bakery and the very popular "Bi-Rite Market" an
We love our home and neighborhood.  If you're a fan of art and architecture, our apartment will inspire you. We have a 350 sq ft private patio, and our building has an amazing roof terrace with incredible vistas of the city. It's in walking distance to five vibrant areas; Hayes Valley, Castro, Mission, Duboce Triangle, and SOMA, tons of restaurants, cafes, and bars.
We love our neighborhood!  It's between beautiful Alamo Square Park (3 blocks away) with the famous row of Painted Ladies and killer city views, hip Divisadero Street with great boutiques and restaurants, and Fillmore Street with its jazz, shops, and some of the best shopping in the city.  We'll send you lots of information after you book! 
We love our neighborhood!  It's between beautiful Alamo Square Park (3 blocks away) with the famous row of Painted Ladies and killer city views, hip Divisadero Street with great boutiques and restaurants, and Fillmore Street with its jazz, shops, and some of the best shopping in the city.  We'll send you some information after you book, and also check out our Guidebook on Airbnb. 
We love our neighborhood! It's between beautiful Alamo Square Park (3 blocks away) with the famous row of Painted Ladies and killer city views, hip Divisadero Street with great boutiques and restaurants, and Fillmore Street with its jazz and some of the best shopping in the city. 
We love that our neighborhood is centrally located to most everywhere in the city, that we are close to public transit and that we are walkable to the culturally rich coffee shops,  boutiques and restaurants of  NOPA, Laurel Village,  Sacramento, Fillmore and Divisadero Streets.
We love the centrality of this location.  Hayes Valley shops are within 5 min walk, Mission is 15min walk, Whole Foods is an 8min walk, and BART is a 15min walk. There are trees on our street, and sound-proofed windows to keep out the street noise.  A park nearby with Ritual Coffee, liquid nitrogen-made ice cream, bright cafes, and fashion shopping
We're located at the very central Geary Blvd. There are many great restaurants nearby (The Corner Store, OTD, Sweet Maple, The Grove, etc.) and Trader Joe's and Target are 2 blocks away if you wanted to buy ingredients and have a cozy night in.
We're located very centrally. Many major transit lines (subway & bus) are less than three blocks away. You can get to Fisherman's Wharf, Giants Stafium, Ocean Beach, The Castro, The Haight-Ashbury, The Mission in a short time!
Where do I even begin?!  I feel lucky that we get to live steps away from Alamo Square park where you're able to enjoy a picnic with the view of the beautiful Painted Ladies and the downtown San Francisco skyline.  Not only that, the apartment is a couple of blocks away from gourmet grocery stores, great restaurant and bars as well as a farmers market on weekends.
Where do I even begin?!  I feel lucky that we get to live steps away from Alamo Square park where you're able to enjoy a picnic with the view of the beautiful Painted Ladies and the downtown San Francisco skyline.  Not only that, the apartment is a couple of blocks away from gourmet grocery stores, great restaurants and bars as well as a farmers market on weekends.
Where hot NoPa and cool Lower Haight meet. Just steps from postcard views at Alamo Square. Walk to the Castro, the Panhandle and Golden Gate Park. Gourmet and casual dining, shopping and neighborhood amenities within steps.
While the neighborhood is mostly residential, it's walking distance to the Fillmore shopping district and several excellent restaurants and cafes. It's also a short walk to the UCSF & Kaiser Permanente Medical Centers.
With Hayes Valley as your base, you are close to cultural events, fun shopping and restaurants.  Walking distance to Hayes Street, Symphony Hall, Civic Center, SFJazz, etc.    This central neighborhood has several delicious cups of coffee near by (Blue Bottle just to name one) and yet my little street is quiet and cozy at the end of the day.  If you are here for work, the tech corridor is an easy walk away.
With Hayes Valley as your base, you are close to cultural events, fun shopping and restaurants.  Walking distance to Hayes Street, Symphony Hall, Civic Center, SFJazz, etc.    This central neighborhood has several delicious cups of coffee near by (Blue Bottle just to name one) and yet my little street is quiet and cozy at the end of the day.  If you are here for work, the tech corridor is an easy walk away.  
With the convenient location of this unit you’ll have easy access to transportation, shops and restaurants...
Within walking distance of several restaurants (including the Michelin-starred Statebird Provisions), the famous Painted Ladies of Alamo Square, premier boutique and upscale shopping, and a half-block distance from a Safeway grocery store.
You are just off the heart of the Lower Haight but don't have the noise of it. Sushi Raw and Rosamunde are my favorite places for a bite. You can easily walk to all the great neighborhoods of this city (Castro, Mission, Hayes Valley, Haight Asbury, Downtown...) but you are well connected with public transportation. Alamo Square is only 4 blocks away and Duboce Park and grocery stores available 5 mn walking.
You can't get more central to SF than Pacific Heights! There are a ton of great restaurants and bars on Divisidero St. and Fillmore St. Grocery stores, Starbucks, nail salons and more just steps from the house.
You couldn't ask for a more prime location! Situated directly on the northwest corner of iconic Alamo Square Park. Quick walk across the park to the famous "Painted Ladies" Victorian houses. We are one block off Divisadero Street with tons of delicious food options, including the neighborhood's flagship restaurant, "NOPA".  Plenty of quaint bars and local shops nearby. A few blocks from foodie haven, "Bi-Rite Market", with several corner stores down the block for last minute needs.  We are a 10 minute walk to "the Panhandle" of Golden Gate Park and a 25 minute walk to Haight Ashbury.
You couldn't be more central.  The Castro, Church and Market, Hayes Valley, the Haight-Ashbury (Summer of Love!), trendy Valencia Street, and NOPA are all a 10-15 minute walk from here.  You can walk downtown in about 40 minutes. The Lower Haight, is similar to the Lower East Side in NYC.  Pubs with craft beer and cocktails, ethnic restaurants, trendy restaurants, tattoo parlors, vinyl shops, sports bars, a few good cafes, many transit lines, are all a block or three outside the door.  Alamo Square with its iconic views is 3 blocks away.  Golden Gate Park is just beyond the Haight Ashbury. The beach is about 4-5 miles west, and downtown is about 3 miles east.
You will find more than 15 restaurants at less than 500ft, all from different countries, making it a very lively neighborhood.  You are at less than 5min walking from the famous Painted Ladies, and 10min from the Mission or Castro.
You will love Hayes Valley. It's the best neighborhood in the city. I'm happy to provide any recommendations.
You'll be surrounded by a plethora of restaurants, bars, coffee shops and local businesses along Divisadero Street.
You're just around the corner from Alamo Square and the Painted Ladies - so that's one tourist destination to tick off your list!  There's tons of great restaurants, cafes, and shopping all within walking distance; a 24-hours shop across the street... And of course, Lyft and Uber will take you to anywhere in the city.
You're right in the heart of San Francisco, two doors down from Alamo Square Park, and one of the most famous sights of San Francisco, the Victorian houses known as The Painted Ladies. Restaurants and shopping are just a couple blocks away.
You're staying in Nopa, a great neighborhood in its own right as well as a central location for exploring San Francisco. Divisadero is only three blocks away and it's home to some of the city's best restaurants, cafes, bars, & shops.
diverse convenient artsy only in San Francisco shops restaurants photo-ops galore friendly urban & residential local and international hipsters galore
we are in the middle of the city. The lower Haight is a hip neighborhood that epitomizes city living.  It's a great place for jumping into sightseeing. Cafes, wine bars, restaurants, burrito shops, vintage clothes and high-fashion stores live on a street with a history of peace, love & understanding. The peacefullness of Alamo Square Park is 3 blocks away.! Overall we're a safe place to stay - walking distant to the hippest and most edgy hot spots.  Access to anything you want to see is within minutes on public transportation and driving is feasible since you've got a spot to come home to.  MUNI buses are many -6 bus lines within 3 blocks.  Another 8 within 7 blocks.  Bart is a quick bus ride / or mile walk away. Don't miss a cable car ride. If you don't go to Alcatraz, make sure you Do take ferry ride to Sausalito, larkspur to see those towns, at angel island for a good hike !
we are in the middle of the city/ The lower Haight is  a hip neighborhood that epitomizes city living - million dollar mansions and apartments stand side by side, with their occupants, proving SF to be a welcoming city for all.  Cafes, wine bars, restaurants, burrito shops, vintage clothes and high-fashion stores live on a street with a history of peace, love & understanding. The peacefullness of Alamo Square Park is 3 blocks away ! Overall we're a safe place to stay - walking distant to the hippest and most edgy hot spots. Centrally located, access to anything you want to see is within minutes on public transportation and parking isn't too bad.  MUNI buses - 22, 5, 6, 7 are within 3 blocks.  F, L, M, K, J, 47, @7 blocks.  Bart is a quick bus ride away.