 West Portal is a quaint  "village-feel"  tree-lined neighborhood next to Glen Park, St. Francis Woods, Twin Peaks,  Forest Hills, and  the Inner Sunset/Parkside neighborhoods.  It has a great a great selection of restaurants all within a few minutes walk: Tsing-Tao (Chinese), Thai,  Rothi's (Indian), Bursa's (Mediterranean),  Spiazzo's (Italian), Fresca's  (Peruvian), Greek, Japanese (Fuji's Sushi Bar),  El Toreador's (Mexican),  Bullshead Burger's (American),  Noah's Bagels, Starbuck's,  Peet's Coffee,  Mozzarella di Buffala's Pizza, and Goat's Hill Pizza. SUPERMARKETS/GROCERIES:   A  mom-and-pop grocery store is one block away.    Two Safeway's,  a Mollie Stone's, and  a Trader Joe's--are less than one mile away and easily accessible by public transit.  ALSO WITHIN A FEW MINUTES WALK:  Music store, banks, beauty salons, bookstore, toy store, grocery store, post office, UPS store, pharmacy, movie theater, pubs, wine bars, library, tennis courts, children's playground. Also STERN GROV
A great upscale neighborhood in the southwest of San Francisco, just a few blocks east of an exquisite San Francis Wood area, quiet and safe. An easy 10-15 minutes walk to West Portal with an abundance of fine cuisine restaurants, a cinema theater, banks, pubs, saloons, and shops.  10 minutes walk to the Sonestown Galleria shopping mall with 125+ stores. San Francisco is a small city - any place is within 20 minutes by car or 30-40 minutes by public transportation.
A safe serene well established neighborhood with views, lovely walks, 2 BLOCKS TO BUS LINES,close to FREEWAYS, restaurants, banks, stores and parks. The people that live here, stay a lifetime. It is a "happening" area in that one can travel anywhere quickly--- within the city, North or South on the 101 or 280 freeways to travel to Downtown,the  Peninsula/Silicon Valley, Marin, etc. --- and come home anytime day or night to beauty, safety and always to PLENTY of PARKING.
Apartment is located in a quiet San Francisco neighborhood, yet close enough to city life walking and public transportation.  It is only 3 blocks away from train to go to downtown, which will get you there in about 20 minutes.  It is 3 miles from San Francisco beach, 3 miles from TPC Harding Park golf course,  easy access to freeway to go to downtown or silicon valley.  You can also choose to walk to bars or restaurants on West Portal or Ocean avenue.  The apartment is also located close to San Francisco State University.
Balboa Terrace borders St Francis Wood which are both scenic quiet lovely neighborhoods with minimal traffic. Great for biking or walking. Centrally located with easy access to all local freeways (280, 101 & HWY1). Short walk to Stonestown Galleria Shopping Center & SF State College as well as SF Zoo. Excellent restaurants in every direction.
Beautiful and bustling West Portal Village.  Plentiful restaurants, boutiques, pubs and nail salons.
Centrally located to many neighborhoods in the city, close to public transportation, and walkable or a short bus ride to Glen Park and BART, West Portal, and Golden Gate Park.
Centrally located, safe, friendly, community-minded neighborhood on a quiet street in Glen Park.
Favorite resturants - Fresca (Peruvian); Squat & Gobble (Creperie/Breakfast); Toast (Breakfast); Manor Coffee Shop (Old School Diner); Trattoria da Vittorio (Best Italian in West Portal);Submarine Center (Sandwich shop); El Toredor Restaurant (Mexican); Roti Indian Bistro(Indian); Orexi (Greek); Xiao Loong Restaurant (Best Chinese in West Portal); Sushi Suki (Japanese); Peets Coffee and La Boulange (Coffee - we have Starbucks too); Calibur (Awesome Burgers); Burrito Loco (Great Burritos); Rain Tree Cafe (Bad service good coffee shop style food); Bursa (Mediterranean); Philosophers Club (Bar); Que Syrah (Wine Bar); The Dubliner (Irish Pub)
Glen Park - warm and welcoming neighborhood with excellent transportation, restaurants and groceries. One of the city's best places to stay for convenience and local ambience.
Glen Park is great neighborhood. The main area is called the Glen Park Village (5 block away from the house) and is a two by two block area filled with an array of international restaurants (Thai, Italian, French, Mexican, Pizza, Japanese), cafes, hardware stores, and hair and nail salons, library, antique store, pet store, banks. Our neighborhood doesn't have any chain stores, only "mom and pop" business, such as a French cheese shop, bakery, cafe, organic grocer with a gourmet deli and butcher. Across from our house is Glen Park Canyon, which has tennis courts, baseball/soccer fields, kids playground, and many easy and advance hiking trails plus rock climbing areas. Within minutes you are in a natures' surroundings and quickly forget you are in a metropolitan city. Glen Park Canyon its one of the hidden gems of the city.
Great for public transportation.  Safe residential tree lined beautiful area.  Plenty of restaurants and cafes, farmers markets.  
In the Suburbs of San Francisco right next to St. Francis Woods.  Great location if you want to be away from all the downtown madness.  Downtown is non stop action as I have lived there before.  Your sleep will be constantly interrupted by people out in the streets, police sirens, firetruck sirens, and constant loud buses passing all day and night. This is a great area to get away from all of that.  The neighborhood has an old time feel to it which I love.  Just a 10 minute walk to West Portal.
It is so convenient to be staying in our West Portal Neighborhood which is full of fabulous restaurants, bars, bakeries and coffee shops. Every food choice is available...Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, Peruvian, Greek, Indian, Chinese, Thai and good old fashioned burgers and Sub sandwiches!! You can nosh on bagels or take in a movie at the local theater, stop by the book store for your reading supplies or souvenirs. Pick up special items at GiGi's gift shop or the other boutiques on West Portal Avenue. The convenience of a Post Office, Walgreen's Drug Store, a local market and a produce market offers all of the conveniences of home!
It is unique area of San Francisco where usually people do not offer any rentals,private street can allow you to park 24/7
It's quiet and beautiful and filled with real "neighbors." We all look out and take care of each other. We can step out our front door and climb to the highest peak in San Francisco and see ocean, bay, Golden Gate bridge, Bay Bridge, San Mateo bridge, downtown, Oakland and so on. Beautiful. And Alway parking.
It's very close the downtown, Castro, Twin Peaks, Haight Ashbury, Golden Gate Bridge Park, Ocean Beach, Freeway 280 by car. 
JUST STEPS from award-winning restaurants, groceries, boutique shops, and a movie theater.
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION Located in Westwood Park where a short walk away you will find Whole Foods, cafes/restaurants, Ocean business / shopping corridor, and even the newly renovated public library.  Target, CVS and 24hour Fitness are about 1 mile down on Ocean Ave.   Public transit, Bart / Muni are all within walking distance.  Major freeway on ramps (101, 280, HWY1) are about 1 mile away. Downtown SF is 15-20 minutes to downtown SF either by car or public transit.
Located in Miraloma Park on Mount Davidson.  This is a  hilly and quiet neighborhood that combines natural beautiful of the bay area and quick access to many of San Francisco's vibrant neighborhoods. West Portal, a five-minute drive has great restaurants, movie theatre, local shops and services and access to underground public transportation.  Castro, Noe Valley, Glen Park, and Mission neighborhoods and Golden Gate Park can be easily and quickly accessed.
Located in one of the top San Francisco expensive, beautiful, safe, and quiet neighborhoods. Many expensive houses around. 
Miraloma Height is one of the safest neighborhood
Mount Davidson Manor is a quiet, charming neighborhood, west of Twin Peaks in the city of San Francisco. It's nice to stroll around the neighborhood, the homes are quaint, immaculate, and boast beautiful architectural details.
Mount Davidson Manor, St Francis Wood and Balboa Terrace are beautiful, scenic, safe neighborhoods great for walking. Just a few blocks from West Portal, SF State & Stonestown Galleria. Lots of great restaurants and shopping. Just minutes from Harding Park GC & Olympic Club. Easy access to all major freeways. Very close to 3 different BART stations and only two blocks from MUNI on Ocean Ave.
My house is on the side of Mount Davidson, which is the tallest peak in San Francisco.  I have a great view looking towards downtown SF,  and you can see Sutro Tower from the back deck. There is lot's of wildlife in my neighborhood.   Red Tail Hawks live in the trees next door, there are Great Horned Owls you can hear at night, Coyotes live in the canyon below and you can hear them at night sometimes.
My neighborhood is beautiful, quiet and very close the downtown, Castro, Twin Peaks, Haight Ashbury, GG Park, Ocean Beach, Freeway 280 by car. Sonoma is a 45 minute drive away.
My neighborhood is clean and away from all the downtown madness.  Plenty of transportation lines to get you downtown or anywhere else.
Negighborhood overview
Noe Valley offers shopping, dining and speciality shops.
Officially called Westwood, also referred to as Ingleside or Balboa Park or Ocean Ave. Great residential area inside the 7x7 of San Francisco. We are a 3 minute walk down to Ocean Ave which has all the stores you need (Whole Foods, Target Express, Walgreens & CVS, Restuarants, Cafes, etc). The neighborhood is quiet - all single family homes on a nice hill overlooking the southern part of the city and views of the Pacific Ocean.
Our Neighborhood: We are centrally situated in a safe, beautiful quiet very residential neighborhood yet with close access to wonderful neighborhoods and anything else you could want in SF.  Near so many great areas with amazing food, such as: Glen Park, Ocean St. with Whole Foods,  West Portal, The Mission, Ocean Beach, the Zoo, SFO and the Peninsula. On Monterey there are plenty of Chinese restaurants and little diners too. We are also not too far from downtown. Balboa BART to main attractions is effective and fast. *Please ask us about getting downtown fast. It is best to try to to avoid rush hour if in a car and best to walk to Balboa park BART or take a bus to Glen Park BART, or Forest Hill MUNI train. Groceries/eats very near-by: Within a couple of blocks, we have both a large organic grocery store called Wholefoods  where you can buy gorgeous organic edibles of all sorts and  even stop by and have breakfast. Also there is another grocery store called Safeway very close on Monter
Our neighborhood is safe, beautiful and greatly located in the city San Francisco. We face the Pacific ocean and even though we are known like "The Beverly Hills of San Francisco" we are VERY low key, VERY private! People can walk in our streets AT ANY time, day or night without ANY problems, thank goodness! This is a family home and we live here, we try with all our hearts to do our best. We have lots of guests here and thus we are not responsible for any issues you might encounter due to another guest's doing. We are a no lock home so you need to bring your own lock for your suitcase. We have never lost anything or had a problem but we reserve the right to put in writing that we are NOT  liable for other's mistakes in any shape or form.
Our neighborhood is safe, beautiful and greatly located in the city San Francisco. We face the Pacific ocean and even though we are known like "The Beverly Hills of San Francisco" we are VERY low key, VERY private! People can walk in our streets AT ANY time, day or night without ANY problems, thank goodness! This is a family home and we live here, we try with all our hearts to do our best. We have lots of guests here and thus we are not responsible for any issues you might encounter due to another guest's doing. We are a no lock home so you need to bring your own lock for your suitcase. We have never lost anything or had a problem but we reserve the right to put in writing that we are NOT liable for other's mistakes in any shape or form.
Our neighborhood is very hilly and is considered one of the few "garden" neighborhoods in San Francisco. Every home has a front yard, often with beautiful native and desert plants. Views of downtown skyline and ocean are around every bend. Large natural parks (Mount Davidson and Glen Park Canyon) are popular with hikers and nature lovers.
Our picturesque residential neighborhood is the best kept secret in San Francisco.  You will enjoy easy access to everything San Francisco has to offer and at the end of your day as a tourist you will be able to enjoy all the comforts of home.
Parking!
Quiet and beautiful residential area
Quiet bungalows from early 1900's. Character galore! Whole Foods 3 blocks away.
Quiet, safe, friendly neighborhood.
Quite, great area with stores avilable by walking distance, two parks around, 2 miles to ocean, close to down town (15 mins by MUNI), convenient to get to Silicon Valley places.
Situated in the beautiful, exclusive neighborhood of Westwood in San Francisco, we are outside of the hustle and bustle of downtown, and in a quiet neighborhood.   We are very near transportation such as BART and Muni trains to take you downtown, the airport, or anywhere in San Francisco.   We are only on block away from Ocean Ave a major San Francisco street, and walking distance from Whole Foods and Walgreens, and cafes, and restaurants of this neighborhood.    On Ocean, you can also walk to the Muni train, or Bart Trains, or take the bus to anywhere. Our house is a very huge family home occupying a whole corner lot with over 3500 square feet of house space split into two large levels.   We have parking in the garage, the driveway, and there is additional parking all over the streets (usually open) on our block
Summary - just outside of the center, in a quiet, upscale neighborhood called Mira Loma Park.   There are two popular strips of restaurants and shops walking distance from our house, one called Glenn Park, and one called West Portal. NEARBY (walking distance): *Glenn Park (bars/restaurants/shops) *Miraloma Playground - 2.2 acres of courts/sports and play *West Portal (restaurants/movies/shops) *Glenn Park Bart Station (8 minutes to Masconi Convention Center) *Lovely SF Hills - Mt Davidson - jogging trails HOUSE FEATURES *5 Bedrooms and 4 baths on 3 floors *Huge Expansive Kitchen with Middle Kitchen Island *Two Living Rooms on Two Floors *Views of Hillside and Ocean from Two Floors and Master Bedroom *Washer and Dryer * Parking for 5 cars - 2 garages with driveways * 2 Extra Sofa Bed Sleepers outside of bedrooms * 8 Person Dining table + 2 person Cafe Table in Dining Area ELECTRONICS * 65 HDTV TV in master Living Room  *High - Speed Internet - WIFI Bedroom One - Master Bedroom - 3rd Flo
THE NEIGHBORHOOD A well established neighborhood, stunning views, lovely walks --- easy access to FREEWAYS or PUBLIC TRANSIT, 4 blocks  to West Portal, restaurants, banks and stores. The people that live here stay a lifetime.  It is a "happening" area in that one can get anywhere quickly--within the city, to Downtown ,North or South to the Peninsula, Silicon Valley, Marin, etc. -- and come home anytime, feel safe and always to PLENTY OF FREE PARKING day or night.
The West Portal neighborhood has its own charming restaurants, shops, and services from shoe repair to banking. There is even a movie theater. Downtown is just 10-15 minutes away via the MUNI underground line making it very convenient for business people and tourists alike. For breakfast, Starbucks, Peets and Squat and Gobble are all within a two block walk, as well as many full service restaurants including Thai, Indian, Italian, Peruvian, Chinese, Greek, Mexican, crepes, diners, and more.
The condo development is off the main street  (Ocean Ave) on a hill. The community is quiet and safe. There are coffee shops, restaurants, pharmacies, Target, and an organic grocery store down the hill within a short walking distance. Trains run frequently. Resident parking stickers are not required in the immediate area. This is unusual for San Francisco.
The house is in a suburban neighborhood in San Francisco Proper. Although it is not walking distance to the top tourist attractions, it is a very quiet and safe neighborhood, perfect for relaxing a long day of walking. It is about a 5 minute walk from the popular West Portal area, well known for it's excellent neighborhood restaurants, bars and boutiques.
The location close to all San Francisco has to offer…It’s Forest Hill location makes walking an ease to several attractions such as West Portal shopping, cinema, restaurants, Mollie Stone’s Grocery, Mt. Davidson, Twin Peaks, Glen Park, the famous ChouChou French Restaurant and much more… Also within a short 5 minute walk to the Forest Hill Muni Station where it connects you to the entire city! Ocean Beach, Union Square, AT&T Ball Park, Ferry Building, Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square, Castro, Golden Gate Park, Fisherman's Wharf, SF Zoo, China Town, SOMA, Cable Cars, Alcatraz and Sausalito Ferry’s... Just two blocks from the house you can take the Muni Bus directly down the hill to Golden Gate Park to visit the Academy of Science, Botanical Garden, Japanese Tea Garden, De Young Museum, Stow Lake... The house has easy access to Lands End, Cliff House, Baker Beach, Legion of Honor, the Presidio, Downtown, Coit Tower, Palace of Fine Arts, Golden Gate Bridge, Lombard Street, Japan Town, North Be
The neighborhood is a little gem up on a hill but only blocks away from a neighborhood hangout with restaurants, playgrounds, coffee shops and lots of public transportation.
The neighborhood is a residential area bordering two large parks (Mount Davidson and Glen Canyon). There are coffee shops, take-out restaurants, and supermarkets in the area. A downhill 15 minute walk will bring you to the Glen Park village (see picture), which has restaurants and a grocery store. You can also walk to a strip mall with take-out restaurants, pharmacies and a supermarket. A 10 minute drive will take you to West Portal, which has all amenities, including numerous restaurants and a cinema. Or you can take a bus to any of these places. Check out the Guidebook at the bottom of this page for additional information.
The space is in a semi-quiet, residential neighborhood. The street consists of all stand alone houses and is family oriented. This is a great place to stay if you like total quiet while you are sleeping. I have lived in many neighborhoods in San Francisco and this is the only one where I can have totally uninterrupted sleep.
The street is very residential with lots of street parking available all the time. There is no parking restrictions. Located up a big hill, it's not an active neighborhood but you will experience a quiet night's sleep. (I love sleep)
This apartment is centrally located, 10 minutes to Downtown & 10 to SFO, in an Up and coming SF neighborhood. CCSF 1 block away, makes it ideal for young college tenants. There are various restaurants in the area all within walking distance. Mc Donalds across the street, BEEPs burgers is 1 block away, Whole Foods is right outside, for those of you trying to eat right; & late night deliveries. Target is walking distance from the unit (6 blocks).
This cozy apartment is perfect for enjoying what the city offers. 3 minute walk to the West Portal train station, restaurants, movie theater and commerce.
This is a fantastic SF neighborhood with great scenic views from the surrounding hills that frame the (website hidden) Francis Wood, Mount Davidson Manor & Balboa Terrace are wonderful quiet peaceful relaxing areas. Lots of parking with easy access to muni.
This is a great neighborhood with beautiful ocean views including the most amazing sunsets from Oct-Dec. Wonderful neighborhood for quiet morning or evening walks. Lots of amazing restaurants just a short walk over to West Portal which also has a movie theater. Head the other direction and arrive at SF State & Stonestown Galleria & Shopping Center. The Zoo isn't far away if you head the short 5 miles west toward Ocean Beach.
This is a unique residential neighborhood of custom homes built in the 1930s and 1940s. If interested in architecture you'll see craftsman, spanish mediterranean, art deco and more. You'll be in the city, but not of the city. You can enjoy both sides to the city - downtown on one side, and the beach and golden gate park on the other side. Easy access to enjoy all.
This is considered one of the suburban areas of San Francisco.  It is not in a hot spot location where there are bars and places to eat at right outside of the door.  But there is peace of mind knowing that it's a safe neighborhood and not so crazy like downtown.  Downtown and other areas can be very dirty and too busy at times.  This is a great alternative if you are not used to the hectic City madness.
This is one of the most quietest and safest area of SF. Close to BART and the K MUNI line. The K line will get you back and forth for $2.25 to all the events downtown. And also takes you to Caltrain which goes by the Stadium.  There are several bars and restuarants within a 10 to 15 min walk from the house.
This neighborhood is nestled between Glen Park, Twin Peaks and Sunnyside. It's a safe and family friendly area of San Francisco offering hiking trails and stunning views a few minutes walk from the house.  There is a playground with a tennis court 2 blocks away and a quaint neighborhood garden down the street.  You can find a corner store and Safeway a short walk away and Mollie Stone's is about a 5 minute drive.  There are a few restaurants approx 7-10 minute walk on Monterey Boulevard.  Glen Park which is 15-20 minute walk has more restaurant options to offer and as well as West Portal which is a 5 minute drive. We moved to this neighborhood less than 6 months ago and have come to enjoy and love the cleanliness, safety, views and the people the neighborhood has to offer. This area of San Francisco offers a quiet retreat from the center, however we are close enough that within 20 minutes drive you can be anywhere in the city. Our street has ample free parking spaces without time limit
Upscale and quiet neighborhood.
Very quiet, scenic neighborhood. Walking distance to malls, restaurants, CCSF, SFSU, BART, Muni.
We are centrally situated in a safe, beautiful quiet very residential neighborhood yet with close access to wonderful neighborhoods and anything else you could want in SF. Near so many great areas with amazing food, such as: Glen Park, Ocean St. with Whole Foods, West Portal, The Mission, Ocean Beach, the Zoo, SFO and the Peninsula. On Monterey there are plenty of Chinese restaurants and little diners too. We are also not too far from downtown. Balboa BART to main attractions is effective and fast.  *Please ask us about getting downtown fast. It is best to try to to avoid rush hour if in a car and best to walk to Balboa park BART or take a bus to Glen Park BART, or Forest Hill MUNI train. Groceries/eats very near-by: Within a couple of blocks, we have both a large organic grocery store called Wholefoods where you can buy gorgeous organic edibles of all sorts and even stop by and have breakfast. Also there is another grocery store called Safeway very close on Monterey with a large selec
We are located in Miraloma Heights, a quiet, safe neighborhood. This is one of the last neighborhoods in San Francisco to retain its charm (actual families, of all ages, live in our 'hood). 10 minutes walk from our house you'll find yourself on the vibrant West Portal Avenue lined with mom & pop shops,  restaurants,  coffee shops and an excellent bookstore, music store and public library. We are 2 miles from the Ocean and the air feels fresh and clean. We are 2 minutes walk to Mount Davidson where you can easily hike to the top. Mount Davidson  is the highest natural point in San Francisco, California, with an elevation of 928 feet. It is located near the geographical center of the city, south of Twin Peaks and Portola Drive and to the west of Diamond Heights and Glen Park. It dominates the southeastern view from most of Portola Drive. It is one of San Francisco's 44 hills, and one of its original "Seven Hills".
We are within walking distance of a neighborhood market, coffee shop and drug store. Other neighborhoods with more food options are just a 15 min walk away in West Portal! We are close to the famous Twin Peaks and also have access to many other lesser known trails, but with same great views. Our neighborhood is accessible to popular neighborhoods such as Castro, Mission, Noe Valley, Inner Sunset and Glen Park via transit. We live in a quiet neighborhood, and we highlight the transit options as we take transit ourselves- almost everyday and can attest to the convenience of it. Castro is one stop away, Hayes Valley 3 stops, and Union Square and downtown are only 5 subway stops from where we live. We are in a family friendly residential area which lends itself to more readily available street parking. If you have a car and plan to explore nearby cities and towns such as Pacifica, Sausalito and Mill Valley, our home is conveniently located near arterial streets to access the freeway.
We live in a very special neighborhood, in fact there are walking tours to learn about the history and architecture! In 1995, Westwood Park became San Francisco’s only Residential Character District, providing the neighborhood with protection for its architectural integrity. Here's a video of our neighborhood: (URL HIDDEN)
We love our neighborhood! It is quiet, yet still very close to downtown via the BART subway train, 15 min. You can walk to the quaint Glen Park village with many shops and nice restaurants. A grocery store is 4 blocks away. A beautiful park with a children's play ground and tennis courts is only two blocks away.  From our home it is very easy to get to many restaurants, the very popular Mission District is close and easy to get to.
We love our neighborhood! It is safe and quiet and there is always parking. We are close to nature but the hustle of the city is also close by. A short drive takes you to Ocean Beach, to the Golden Gate Bridge and Chrissy Field,to Fisherman's Wharf, or to the restaurants, bars, and shops of Union Square, North Beach, Haight-Ashbury, and Fillmore Street. The Napa and Sonoma valleys are approximately one hour north of us, the beaches of Santa Cruz are one hour south, and the wonders of Monterey Bay are twenty minutes south of Santa Cruz. Scenic hikes abound, including walks along Ocean Beach, Chrissy Field, and along the Land's End trail high above the surf just outside Golden Gate Bridge.
We love that the neighborhood is quiet and safe.  We also appreciate that we are close to public transportation and the highway making travel to downtown or other parts of the city easy. We have a playground/park a few blocks from the house which we use almost everyday with a tennis and basket ball court.
We welcome you to one of San Francisco's most beautiful neighborhoods.  Located in Forest Hill Extension, in the City's Westside, the property is on a hilltop, full of trees, great panoramic views, and ample parking. Though quiet and seemingly removed, this upscale neighborhood location is ideal for visitors, with easy access to other parts of the City.
West Portal Avenue is a hidden gem in San Francisco, with beautiful tree lined streets, West Portal Avenue which has a range of great restaurants, a movie theater, coffee shops, and a Muni line that stops one block from the house that can quickly get you to other parts of the City.
West Portal and Stonestown are two shopping centers and areas of transit that are only a ten minute walk away. St. Francis Woods is a quiet and child friendly neighborhood containing many parks and calm streets.
West Portal is a nice area of San Francisco.  Some of the City's Best Restaurants, coffee shops and the Empire Cinema Theater are close by.  Also the San Francisco Stonestown Shopping Center. Our house in on a quiet street with detached homes.  A beautiful tree lined street and grass center inland.
West Portal is one of the hidden gems of San Francisco - a quiet, safe, beautiful neighborhood surrounded by some of the largest, oldest homes in the city. The main street is one block away from the house and is a fun street with all types of restaurants, a movie theater, bookstores and a couple local bars.
West Portal neighborhood has a lively shopping street featuring diverse restaurants (Peruvian, Greek, Indian, Italian, Chinese and Middle East), a movie theater and plenty of coffee houses. It is only 15 minutes from downtown shopping by streetcar and just 10 minutes from the freeway.
West of Twin Peaks area on south side of san francisco.  West Portal neighborhood with many nice neighborhood coffee shops and resturants
Westwood Park, a very quiet and friendly neighborhood situated a few minutes away from the freeway with ample street parking. There is a friendly grass park a block away with Safeway and Whole Foods within walking distance. Ocean Ave, Glen Park, and West Portal are within walking distance as well. 24hr Fitness and Target is also within a 10 minute stroll.
You will not be disappointed by the neighborhood as it is upscale, safe and friendly. And if you drive a car, our location is ideal in the city! For restaurants in the area we recommend Trattoria da Vittorio (Italian), Fresca (Peruvian), Bursa (Mediterranean), and Squat & Gobble (American, crepes, and breakfast)
the neighborhood has a variety of architectural styles. Good walking and only a few minutes away from an 'old school' shopping and dining area...West Portal.
the quiet streets are very fun for walking around. The architecture is a mix of Spanish, Mid-Century Modern, 1920's, and modern. Flora and fauna is plentiful and it is easy and easy and beautiful walk to West Portal. There you have movies, bookstore, cafes, restaurants, wine bar, drug store, urgent care facility, shops for shopping, banks, laundry, post office and more!