(URL HIDDEN)
Adams Point is a charming neighborhood next to beautiful Lake Merritt, filled with restaurants of all types of cuisines, great places for beer or wine, the historic Grand Lake Theater, a wonderful local bookshop, parks and gardens, and is nearby to uptown/downtown Oakland.
Adams Point is a historic neighborhood in Oakland's Council District 3, which includes Uptown, Downtown Oakland, Old Oakland, Jack London Square, West Oakland, and Pill Hill.  Primarily residential, the neighborhood is a mix of single family homes, condominiums, and both large and small apartment buildings.  It sits on the north shore of Lake Merritt and is bounded by Grand Avenue on the south, Harrison Street on the northwest, and Interstate 580 on the northeast. With easy access to freeways, many public transportation options nearby, and its proximity to just about every amenity and point of interest in the center of the city, Adams Point is ideally situated as a base for visitors touring the San Francisco Bay Area, visiting family or friends, or coming for business or to work. Neighborhood landmarks and points of interest include the Veteran's Memorial Building, the Earl Warren House, the art deco Bellevue-Staten Building, Lakeside Park and Gardens, Children's Fairyland, Lake Merrit
Adams Point is a hot neighborhood that offers everything you need in walking distance, with Uptown and Downtown arts and activities to the west, family-friendly Lake Merritt on the southside, and the bustling Lakeshore Business District to the east that features the best Farmers Market in town every Saturday morning.  Grand Avenue is just steps away down the street, featuring diverse restaurants and bars. - Great eats and cocktails - Cinema, shopping, art galleries, dance studios & more - Walking distance to First Fridays & other cultural events - Boating, gondolas and free gardens at Lake Merritt - Running, biking, walking and other exercise  - Farmers markets, Whole Foods and Trader Joe's - Walk to concerts and shows at Paramount & Fox Theaters  - Quiet nights and mornings
Adams Point is one of the neighborhoods surrounding Lake Merritt, Oakland's jewel! This are is home to a historic theater, weekly farmers' market, a vibrant shopping district, world class restaurants, bars, music venues, museums, and more. It's close to BART, the underground, which brings you into the heart of San Francisco in a 20 minute train ride. But you won't even want to - there is everything you'd ever want right here in Oakland!
Adams Point is, in my humble opinion, the best neighborhood in Oakland! Located on the north side of Lake Merritt, this urban, residential neighborhood is made up of beautiful, historic, smaller apartment buildings. Step outside, and your are literally across the street from Lakeside Park and Lake Merritt, Oakland's crown jewel; and also ample restaurants and bars, including two of the cities top wine bars, many of the city's best restaurants, and even the historic Lake Merritt Theater! The neighborhood is very safe and well-trafficked with all ages of residents on foot at any given time. You are also a short, 5-minute walk to Whole Foods, a 10-15 minute walk to downtown Oakland (and Fox Theater, among other music venues!), and a 15-minute walk to 19th Street BART and 13-minute ride to downtown San Francisco!
Adams Point neighborhood is mixture of apartments, single family homes and businesses. Several of the cities historic homes are in this neighborhood. We are few blocks from, Children's Fairyland, which is said to have inspired Walt Disney to create Disneyland. 
At the end of a quiet cul-de-sac, this house is just a block and a half off the main drag of Grand Ave, within walking distance to almost everything you could want. It's 2 blocks from where Grand Ave and Lakeshore Ave diverge, walk down either one for an eclectic mix of quaint small shops, hip bars, and great restaurants. You can see the beautiful animated neon sign for the landmark Vaudeville house turned movie palace The Grand Lake Theatre from the house, and you're a block from the best rated Farmer's Market in the East Bay. It's a block to the lake, and 15 minutes walk around the lake to downtown. Fifteen blocks straight down Grand Ave gets you to the happening Uptown area revived over the last couple years with a new flush of restaurants, bars, music venues, and art galleries...all anchored by the gorgeous Fox Theater, it's original beauty brought back to life after being closed since the 60‘s so it can house some of the best and biggest names in music. This area is also the cente
Close to all the action in Oaklands quickly developing uptown.
Everyone asks about safety as this is Oakland. I have lived here three years as a single woman and never had a problem/single incident. It's in the Grand Lake neighborhood which is very active. The apartment is right by a park and is a block from amazing Lake Merritt, on a main road where there are always people around.  It is Oakland though and if you are used to the suburbs there is more urban action. Sometimes guys hang out on the front stoops. I don't like this, but they never have done anything. It's just annoying they hang out there and to have to step by them. I want to tell you this just so it's not a surprise and you can make an informed decision.  The apartment is extremely close to  all the food, culture, and street life near here--you will often see people doing capoeira or playing a jazz saxophone by the lake. This is a very multicultural and alive area to get to know. On this block, you have a dance studio, an Ethiopian place, a cool cafe, and nearby a cafe that feels lik
Gorgeous and friendly neighborhood.  Very walk-able to public transportation (1 blk from AC transit stop, 1 mile walk along lake Merritt to 19th St. Bart).  Great restaurants abound!
Half a block from Lakeside Park and lovely Lake Merritt in Adam's Point.  I LOVE this area!! Walk to the lake, Whole Foods, Grand Lake Theater, Trader Joe's, downtown, BART, and numerous local restaurants and coffee shops. Enjoy the Lake Merritt aquatic bird sanctuary. Stroll, run or bike around the lake. Enjoy Enssaro, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants in the Bay!
I live right across the street from a beautiful park surrounding Lake Merritt, which has been newly landscaped and renovated. You can rent kayaks or canoes, or go on 2-mile run along the perimeter. In the evenings, the lake lights up with quaint lamps and lights bordering the water. I`ll leave you a blanket in case you`d like to work, tan or picnic on the grass by the water during the day or sunset!
I love living in Adam's Point! It is right next to Lake Merritt, where you can take a fresh, brisk walk/bike ride or rent a gondola if you're feeling adventurous. Groceries are really easy to get from the nearby Whole Foods, Safeway or Trader Joe's. There is also a farmer's market every Saturday close by. Grand Lake Theatre (so unbelievably gorgeous) has $5 movie showings everyday before 5pm. Also, it's just a short trip to downtown/uptown Oakland where there are a lot of fun spots (Plum Bar, Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe, Fox Theater, Paramount Theater, Umami Mart, Oakland Surf Club) as well as Oakland Chinatown!
Lake Merritt is one of the best neighborhoods in Oakland.  Cafes, restaurants, banks and other stores are all within walking distance, as well as the busy Farmers Market on Saturday mornings.  In less then ten minutes, you are at the Lake on the Grand Ave. side, where you can jog, bike or walk around the beautiful 3 mile loop.
Located in the ever-popular Adams Point neighborhood. 30 seconds stroll down to Perch Café. Two minute walk: Lake Merritt and lakeside running trails, yoga, amazing brunch spots (Grand Lake Kitchen, Kitchen 388), great sushi with $4 bottomless sake, Ethiopian & Korean BBQ, and one of Oakland's best cocktail bars (Room 389). Five minute walk: the Lake Merritt Farmer's Market (Saturdays), the Grand Lake Theater, a ton of great bars (Heart & Dagger, The Alley), more fantastic food (Indian, Thai, pizza, Arizmendi bakery), Trader Joe's, the bird sanctuary, and the Bonsai and Zen gardens. Fifteen minute walk or a quick bus/taxi ride to downtown Oakland.
My neighborhood is AWESOME. So much to offer in downtown Oak/Adam's Point/Lake Merritt, and it's all walkable/bike-able!  Tons of good food and bars within walking distance.  Lake Merritt is just a 5min walk away.  Super diverse neighborhood with lots of youngish people, which I thoroughly enjoy.
The Uptown district is a short walk away and has a vibrant restaurant and bar scene.  Perhaps you can take in an event in the beautiful restored Paramount or Fox Theatres within an easy walk.  The Grand Lake/Lakeshore area features shopping, restaurants, cafes and movies - that's just a nice 15 minute walk. Or try Piedmont avenue just a mile in the other direction. Our neighbourhood of Adam's Point puts all of the Bay Area within easy reach!
The apartment is in the heart of the Adam's point neighborhood.  Great walkable neighborhood with lots of coffee shops, restaurants, art, corner stores, and nightlife.  10 minute walk to downtown and BART.
The apartment is in the highly desirable Adam's Point area. It is a well-kept neighborhood, it has a hip urban feel, great public transportation, walkable to Bart, lots of good restaurants.
The lake, the park, the restaurants, Whole Foods supermarket - the beauty of it all.
The neighborhood is full of hipsters and lots of new tech professionals who've moved in from SF, Silicon Valley and other parts of the nation, for work. Young, energetic, courteous, conscious, forward thinking people in safe neighborhood. Families walk their dogs while pushing babies in strollers to Farmer's Market every Saturday morning and stop for Peet's or Starbucks on Lakeshore. Hung over? Grab breakfast at the Grand Lake or Lakeshore Cafe. Not going to the game? No problem,  the loud, roudy sports bars up and down Broadway and telegraph Ave or 6 minutes away in SF have enough energy to make you feel you're at the stadium!!
Things that are under a 10 minute walk from my studio: Car Pool Line into San Francisco: 1 minute Bus Line in San Francisco: 1 minute Lake Merritt: 2 minutes Cafe: 2 minutes Mexican Restaurant: 2 minutes Thai Restaurant: 2 minutes Korean BBQ Restaurant: 2 minutes Sushi Restaurant: 3 minutes 389 Neighborhood Bar: 3 minutes Whole Foods: 5 minutes BART Station: 10 minutes Chipotle: 10 minutes Gap: 10 minutes Starbucks: 10 minutes Trader Joe's: 10 minutes Saturday Farmer's Market: 10 minutes
This corner of Lake Merritt is literally THE hottest few blocks in Oakland (you'll see that other neighbor profiles agree!) Downtown Oakland is walking distance, I feel very safe walking around at night, it is very well-lit. Of course, it's still the Bay Area so, stay alert since the inevitable wanderers may ask you for change.
Walkable: Korean, Japanese, Ethiopian, Mexican, Indian, Middle Eastern, burger, Thai, pizza, bistro, and brunch restaurants, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, hookah lounge, coffee shops, markets, bakeries, great bars/lounges, 1st bird sanctuary in North America, 3.5 mile walking path around Lake Merritt, historic movie theater, music venues, Saturday farmers' market etc...
We are located in Adam's Point. The neighborhood is the best-- lively, great restaurants and cafes, and very safe (one of the safest neighborhoods in Oakland). You'll have very easy access to the cafes, bars, and restaurants on Grand Street (about a 7-10 minute walk from our place). That's a lovely wine bar about 10 minutes from our place, and we'd highly recommend it if you like wine! It has an incredibly wide and unique selection, and the space is cozy and beautifully designed. We always say that Lake Merritt is the heart of Oakland; it's a place for friends and family to gather, a place to jog or walk, or simply, a place where you can find some reprieve from the day with a book or journal. For out-of-towners, we'd be happy to share a detailed list of cafes, bars, restaurants to enjoy -- all walking distance.
We are located in a lovely and quiet residential neighborhood with plenty of free street parking, just a couple blocks from some of the best things Oakland has to offer: - Multiple hip and delicious restaurants and bars on Grand Avenue and Lakeshore  - Great coffee shops and bakeries  - One block from Lake Merritt  - Historic Grand Lake Theater  - Grand Lake Kitchen - Barlago - Coach Sushi - The Bay Grape Wine Bar - Amazing Saturday Farmer's Market  - Yoga studios  - Trader Joe's  - Whole Foods - Not far from the cool Uptown District in Downtown Oakland
We are near Lake Merritt, Grand Ave, Whole Foods, Piedmont Ave and Broadway. The neighborhood is rich with life, eateries and happenings.  Our favorite neighborhood places to eat: Camino  Boot & Shoe  True Burger Holy Land Hawker Fare Room 389 Umami Burger Enssaro Bars: Camino (a fantastic restaurant with a small bar area- amazing cocktails) Penrose  Plum Bar Places to buy wine/spirits: Bay Grape (wine shop) Ordinaire (wine shop) Alchemy Bottle Shop Movies: Grand Lake Theater The New Parkway Market: Whole Foods Great retail shops on Piedmont Ave: Mercy (Vintage) Good Stock Neighbor (home/gift) Issues (magazines) 
What is not to love? Seriously. OK, well, there are robberies that do happen - so you have to be alert to your surroundings. But there is nowhere in Oakland that's not like that. Or San Francisco, really. I think my area is the best in Oakland. Accessible to everything fun and food. But.... the parking situation is quite difficult in the evenings.