
20 min walk to UC Berkeley. This area is excellent for bike lovers as well. Places to eat include: Pizzaiolo, Doña Tomas, Bakesale Betty, Genova, and all sorts of other great places to eat on College Ave. Berkeley Bowl, Whole Foods and the farmers markets are walking distance too. I'm happy to help arrange (most) anything that would make your stay more enjoyable. Sim cards/phones, laptop, bikes, etc...
About the Location North Oakland is also known as NOBE (North Oakland Berkeley Emeryville) due to it's convenient location. There is close access to the highway if you make a right on Shattuck and another right on 51st street where you will find the junction to Highways: (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) and 580. We are equidistant to Ashby BART (the subway/metro) and Mac Arthur BART (please (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) for directions). About the Neighborhood North Oakland is a diverse neighborhood and there is a restaurant district in a nearby strip known as "Temescal". If you are looking for places to eat, I would yelp and focus on the area near Telegraph between 51st and 46th Street.  •Some favorites for lunch are: Genova's, Cholita Linda, Bakesale Betty's.  •Some favorites for dinner are: Pizzaiolo, Burma Superstar, Dona Thomas. (Check Yelp and Walkscore for more information).  •Some nice cafes are: Nomad Café on Shattuck (for studying in a clean and focused environment). Peets Coffee near 51st
Access to great restaurants and people from around the world, diverse neighborhood, neighborly and urban, green and convenient, close to San Francisco, downtown Oakland, Emeryville, and Berkeley, College Avenue and Telegraph Avenue shops and bookstores, Sunday Temescal Farmers' Market, and Oakland's First Friday music / art events.
Amazing North Oakland neighborhood location is convenient to San Franciso, UC Berkeley/ Telegraph Ave., and downtown Oakland. Just North of Temescal, just West of Rockridge, between Shattuck and Telegraph. Our block has a number of young professionals, and families that have lived there for decades.
Beautiful historic Idora park neighborhood of North Oakland.  A few blocks to trendy Temescal restaurants and shops.  Also an easy 10 minute walk or 5 minute bike ride to the Rockridge neighborhood with the famous Rockridge Market Hall, located across the street from BART which takes you to San Francisco in 20 minutes.
Easy access to everything in the Bay Area, great neighbors, excellent restaurants, coffee houses nearby.  Easy to walk, bicycle and enjoy our usually great weather.   
For some reason Airbnb doesn't know how to place us on the map.  We're on the same block as Lois the Pie Queen -- a neighborhood fixture and solid greasy spoon diner.  Although our neighborhood is not the prettiest, we have a great community and are happy to be raising a family here.
Great cafes. You sense that people want to make their environment better.
Hipster neighborhood. Majority are artist, writer, cook, grad students and engineers. 75% neighbors are 30s- 40s, college educated and really awesome. How awesome? Everyone has an edible of some sort and would leave a fruit basket outside to share with the neighbors. A few also bring over fresh cookies to share
I have resided at this house, in this great little neighborhood in the North Oakland/Berkeley area since 2005. I find the neighborhood to be a great mix of people, and I'm sure you will too. It is one of Oakland's up and coming areas, full of families, professionals and academics from all over the world!
I love my neighborhood! This is a great area of Oakland, with lots of excellent restaurants, shops and parks nearby. About 5 blocks NE is Telegraph Avenue with excellent Ethiopian, Thai, pizza and cafes. The Temescal neighborhood is about 10 blocks away including a great produce market, coffee shops, the famous (and delicious) Burma Superstar, and tons of other great restaurant options. Great local shops fill Temescal Alley, where you can get a handmade donut while waiting for an old-school haircut, or enjoy a few of the most popular:  New - Cholita Linda Famous- Burma Superstar Popular - Genova (Italian) Delicatessen  Abesha Ethiopian Restaurant  Juhu Beach Club (Indian Restaurant)  La Calaca Loca Taqueria  The Cheese Shop   The Mixing Bowl (Cafe)  Tanjia Moroccan Cuisine  Barlata Tapas Bar  Sura Korean Barbecue  Tara's Organic Ice Cream There are also two Farmer's Market's in walking distance, with vendors, local produce, and live music. The AC Transit bus stop (out front) can take y
I love my neighborhood! This is a great area of Oakland, with lots of excellent restaurants, shops and parks nearby. About 5 blocks NE is Telegraph Avenue with excellent Ethiopian, Thai, pizza and cafes. The Temescal neighborhood is about 10 blocks away including a great produce market, coffee shops, the famous (and delicious) Burma Superstar, and tons of other great restaurant options. Great local shops fill Temescal Alley, where you can get a handmade donut while waiting for an old-school haircut. There are also two Farmer's Market's in walking distance, with vendors, local produce, and live music. The AC Transit bus stop (out front) can take you to the subway station, the grocery store, or the UC Berkeley campus. By car, you'll be about 8 minutes from the Bay bridge. There's plenty of space to park on our street, and no permit is required. Local favorite restaurants: New - Cholita Linda Famous- Burma Superstar Popular - Genova (Italian) Delicatessen  Abesha Ethiopian Restaurant  Juh
I love our neighborhood! Real estate agents call this area "NOBE", for North Oakland / Berkeley / Emeryville, and the whole area is a great mix of families, artists, tech-workers, and more.  It's also easy-access to San Francisco, one of the best cities in the world.   Great food, arts, history, and shopping are all at your footstep.  Definitely scroll down to check out our neighborhood guide / map with some of our local favorites! Sometimes visitors ask us if our neighborhood is "safe".  We certainly feel safe here!  It's common to see dog-owners out for a walk, commuters cycling, or children playing.  That said: Oakland is an urban area, so take common-sense precautions.  Lock your car, don't leave valuables in view, lock the door to the apartment, and be aware of your surroundings, especially at night.  After dark, we recommend walking from Rockridge or Ashby BART station (rather than MacArthur), or calling a Lyft/Uber/taxi.
I've heard that Oakland is the second most ethnically diverse city in America... after New York City. I love that.  My triplex is 5 minutes away from a church with an awesome gospel choir. And while I'm a healthy vegetarian, some of my guests have enjoyed eating at the authentic soul food restaurant which is 2 blocks away.  While it's an ethnically diverse neighborhood, you can see from my reviews that guests feel safe here, and most of those who state that are women.   The only real downside is that it's 0.6 miles from the nearest strip of restaurants (called "Temescal"), and about 1 mile from the nearest BART station.
I've heard that Oakland is the second most ethnically diverse city in America... after New York City. I love that. My triplex is 5 minutes away from a church with an awesome gospel choir. And while I'm a healthy vegetarian, some of my guests have enjoyed eating at the authentic soul food restaurant which is 2 blocks away.  While it's an ethnically diverse neighborhood, you can see from my reviews that guests feel safe here, and most of those who state that are women.   The only real downside is that it's 0.6 miles from the nearest strip of restaurants (called "Temescal"), and about 1 mile from the nearest BART station.
It's very safe for Oakland. Lots of single family homes in the neighborhood.
Lovely and quiet dead-end street with very little traffic.  Excellent for walking access to many amenities (see "Getting Around").
My home is a lovely Berkeley bungalow built in 1924, on a quiet, tree lined street; 5 blocks from the Berkeley Bowl and 3 from a Whole Foods, 5 blocks to Ashby BART, UC campus is 1.5 miles, the Elmwood neighborhood is a pleasant 15 min. walk to some great restaurants, bakeries (Nabaloms!), a movie theatre. bookstores,beautiful old library, cafes and unique gift stores.
My neighbors, its cafes, proximity to all things Berkeley, and the weather.
My neighbors, the cafes, proximity to all things Berkeley, the weather.
My quiet home is just off from the main historic Lorin business district. There are plenty of spots to enjoy delicious local food, coffee, drinks, and shopping. Centrally located on the North Oakland/South Berkeley border, there is easy access to both BART and bus lines.
NOBE (North Oakland-Berkeley) is a fantastic area. The neighborhood vibe is a mix of old school soul and hippie organic. There are plenty of great places to eat and drink in the area. Two great new restaurants opened nearby: Moxy (excellent beer garden with amazing fries), and Easy Creole (casual and delicious). Sweet Adeline is another great nearby spot with delicious pastries and tasty coffee. Hoi Polloi is a great new craft beer joint in the area which is fantastic! On Tuesdays afternoon/evenings, there's a farmer's market from 3-7pm about 4 blocks away!
Neighborhood is very multicultural and working class. It is very metropolitan.   Its a good place to visit.
North Oakland is an amazing area these days - full of restaurants, cafes, and places to explore, with quiet residential streets made up of beautiful older homes with an amazing variety of drought-tolerant gardens. I live on a quiet block, around the corner from a community garden with a big open space, with friendly neighbors and easy walking access to multiple lively commercial districts. You can find everything you need nearby - the Bay Area's famous Berkeley Bowl grocery, multiple yoga studios, farmers markets, and public transit.
North Oakland rocks!  It is family friendly, with lots of great restaurants and cafes.  There is always easy access to something fun to do.  The weather is generally great, they don't call us the sunny side of the bay for nothing!
One of the best BBQ spots in the East Bay is just down the street. A short 5 minute walk takes you to the famous Berkeley Bowl supermarket. Walking distance from Downtown Berkeley and Elmwood commercial districts, so you've got your pick of cuisines, movie theaters and bars.
Our Temescal neighborhood is beautiful with trees and lots of blooms year-round in the landscaping. We are just a few blocks away from some of the best restaurants in Oakland, including Pizzaiolo, Dona Thomas and Burma Superstar on Telegraph Ave near 51st Street. 1st Fridays in "Barbershop Alley" and the regular Friday night food-truck extravaganza known as "Bites on Broadway" are local favorites. Walking and bicycling are great ways to get around.  Neighborhood is still in some transition at night, so you will want to be conscientious. 
Our Temescal neighborhood is beautiful with trees and lots of blooms year-round in the landscaping. We are just a few blocks away from some of the best restaurants in Oakland, including Pizzaiolo, Dona Thomas and Burma Superstar on Telegraph Ave near 51st Street. Bakesale Betty's, 1st Fridays in "Barbershop Alley" and the regular Friday night food-truck extravaganza known as "Bites on Broadway" are local favorites. Walking and bicycling are great ways to get around. Neighborhood is still in some transition at night, so you will want to be conscientious. 
Our neighborhood is close to shopping, restaurants, and a childrens park.  there are lots of families with kids.  There is always someone walking their dog  
Our neighborhood is in a great part of Oakland. We're right in between Temescal and Rockridge so there are tons of great restaurants, bars, and shopping within walking distance. The walk to Rockridge is particularly nice, you'll see lots of lovely homes, trees, and beautiful landscaping. Our neighbors are great and we always feel safe.
Our neighborhood, colloquially known as Bushrod, is nestled between Temescal, Lower Rockridge, and South Berkeley.  A block and a half from Bushrod Park.  Lots of restaurants, bars, grocery stores, cafes, yoga studios, independent small businesses, and parks within walking distance. A 10-15 minute drive to the Oakland/ Berkeley hills and regional parks of Tilden, Sibley, Redwood, and Chabot.
Our place is in a quite neighborhood that's close to great restaurants and destinations in Rockridge and Temescal neighborhoods. We are also close to UC Berkeley. Ashby BART is the closest station which gives you access to almost any point in the Bay Area, Oakland and beyond.  SF is 23 min BART train ride from Ashby. I love the stairway walks and hiking in the Oakland Hills. Claremont Canyon is a good hike/run from our place! Adventure awaits...
Parks, food, drink, and BART all nearby and within walking distance. Easy access to the best that Oakland has to offer, and just a short ride on public transit and you are in San Francisco for the day. (website hidden) "Temescal" for local spots - we like Cholita Linda for their Cuban tacos and Barlata Tapas Bar for drinks and tasty tapas. Burma Superstar has amazing food, but you might have to wait in line.
Right in the heart of the great little neighborhood of lower Shattuck Avenue just south of downtown Berkeley (where Shattuck goes down to two lanes), Fossel Farm is surrounded within a few blocks by local cafes (Nomad, Renaissance, Jumpin' Java), restaurants (Cafe La Pena, Smokey J's BBQ, Flaco's Taco's, etc), small loft developments, and a friendly neighborhood Irish pub (Starry Plough). Foodie favorites like Crixa Cakes, Sweet Adeline's Bakery, Emilia's Pizzeria, Easy Cajun, and Alchemy Collective are easy walking distance. Both Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl, widely regarded as the best community market in the East Bay, are five blocks away. The neighborhood continues to develop rapidly with new restaurants and amenities opening all the time. 
Right in the heart of the great little neighborhood of lower Shattuck Avenue just south of downtown Berkeley (where Shattuck goes down to two lanes), Fossel Farm is surrounded within a few blocks by local cafes (Nomad, Renaissance, Jumpin' Java), restaurants (Los Cilantros, Smokey J's BBQ, Flaco's Taco's, etc), small loft developments, and a friendly neighborhood Irish pub (Starry Plough). Foodie favorites like Crixa Cakes, Sweet Adeline's Bakery, Emilia's Pizzeria, Easy Cajun, and Alchemy Collective are easy walking distance. Both Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl, widely regarded as the best community market in the East Bay, are five blocks away. The neighborhood continues to develop rapidly with new restaurants and amenities opening all the time. 
Right on the cusp of Temescal neighborhood, one of the oldest in Oakland. 5 blocks from Telegraph avenue and the commercial district where you can find many popular restaurants. Read more here (URL HIDDEN)
The Idora park neighborhood is a short walk to Oakland's "gourmet ghetto" on Telegraph Avenue, where you can find amazing restaurants like Pizzaiolo, Dona Thomas, or Burma Superstar. Or get the best fried chicken sandwich of your life at Bakesale Betty's.  There are also casual cheap eats like Cholita Linda (Latin American street food), Lanesplitter Pizza and Bowl'd (Korean) and Donut Dolly.
The apartment straddles the border between Rockridge and Temescal. These neighborhoods have everything the bay area could offer from boutique shops and restaurants to old school dives, thrifts stores, sports, a pool, parks tool lending library and wonderful events and art. 
The haven is technically in Oakland but we are literally two blocks from Berkeley and the tree lined street makes it feel more Berkeley.  There are 3 cafes to choose from Jumpin Java, Nomad Cafe and Cafe Renaissance  (within a three block radius and more if you're willing to walk and extra couple of blocks.) There is a laundry place two short blocks away on the corners of Alactraz and Shattuck (I can provide a rack for your drying clothes should you need it. )
The house is 5 minute walk to BART,get to SF in half hour, Uptown Oakland is two stops away. Walk to bus stop is 1 minute, bus ride to UC Berkeley takes 10 minutes.  Two awesome grocery stores are in the neighborhood, Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl.  Walk to trendy Elmwood area in 10 minutes.  Close to everything but on a quiet street.
The house is located in a wonderful neighborhood in the heart of North Oakland. In the heart of Temescal and close to Rockridge and Piedmond neighborhoods. Close to Berkeley restaurants, shops. These neighborhoods are full of cute bakeries, shops, yoga, pilates, shopping and restaurants. You will be less than 10 minute drive to downtown Oakland and Lake Merritt area which is great to walk / run / jog around. Local farmers market at Lake Merrit/Grand Lake on Saturday mornings and an even closer famers market on Sunday 5 minutes walking from the house. You can be in San Francisco by car within 15 minutes from the house. Some of our favorite restaurants include Pizzaiolo for excellent coffee and a pastry in the morning or a amazing wood fired Pizza and other Italian dishes for dinner. Cholita Linda for great tacos or a Cuban sandwich. Burma Superstar of declious Burmese food. Genova Delicatessen for a true Italian deli experience and amazing subs! Sukho Thai in neighboring Rockridge for t
The house is within walking distance to Temescal, an awesome area in Oakland with great restaurants and shops, and a great farmers market on Sundays. There are many coffee shops and parks within walking distance. It is a very walkeable and bikeable neighborhood, and I hope you find it as enjoyable as I do! PLEASE NOTE this apartment is located in North Oakland, which is not the suburbs but a city location and if you are not used to the city life or Oakland this neighborhood may not be appropriate for your needs. Please research the Temescal area before you book so you are aware of what to expect. For what it is worth, I have never felt unsafe in this neighborhood and I routinely walk alone by myself in the evening.
The immediate area is a one-block long very quiet residential neighborhood of mostly single family homes, but we are also one block away from a main street which has several cafes and restaurants, and we are walking distance from downtown Berkeley and the UC Campus.
The neighborhood and location is my favorite part of this studio. It is located on the edge of the Temescal neighborhood and although the address is in Oakland, I am blocks from the Berkeley border. I frequently walk to cafes and bars in the area -- Rockridge, Elmwood, and South Berkeley are just some of the surrounding neighborhoods. There are easy-to-access farmers markets throughout the week. Whole Foods, Berkeley Bowl, and Safeway are all within a 15-20 minute walk. I frequently shop at the local vintage, antique, and boutique shops nearby. The community is diverse but safe with lots of families. I spend a lot of time running and cycling at the nearby parks and preserves. I am very happy to give advice on activities and where to eat or drink during your stay!
The neighborhood has a fun mix of students, young professionals, families, retired persons and quite a few ethnicities which gives it a very good "feel".    Though the street is very quiet, it lies parallel to two major streets in the Berkeley -Oakland area so there is a thriving vitality to the area with a lot of cafes, restaurants: (Starry Plough, Pena Cultural Center, Sweet Adeline Bakery/Cafe, The Vault Cafe, Crixa Cakes, Nomad, Jumpin' Java);  Grocery Stores: Berkeley Bowl, WholeFoods),  Theatre Companies:  (Shotgun Players, Berkeley Black Repertory Theatre).   The Berkeley Farmers Market also happens here in the neighborhood on Tuesdays and on the weekends, the well known Ashby Flea Market (which is a lot more than a flea market) takes place at the BART station.   Within a 5-minute walk there is much to do!.   There is also plenty of street parking. 3-minute walk from Ashby BART!  ( 20 minutes to SF!)  and many major bus lines that run into both Berkeley, Oakland, Emeryville and 
The neighborhood is very safe and charming. Everyone knows one another and helps one another. There are good coffee shops to work or study in and a nice garden nursery to relax your eyes. It's also a 6 minute walk from ashby Bart, which can get you into San Francisco in 30 mins. In terms of grocery shopping. A berkeley institution that you should absolutely visit is everyone's favorite market: The Berkeley Bowl. It has an amazing selection of organic produce that is local and cheap! It is down the street on shattuck. 15 min walk
The new kitchen has a gas stove and oven. The back yard of the home is set in a peaceful simple garden to enjoy. This home offers lots of restored natural red oak refinished floors and some California knotty pine siding in the main space. We are just about 6 city blocks from BART, our local train system to San Francisco and parts of the Greater Bay Area. 
The place is located right next to a small park.  There's tennis court and playground within the premise. 
There's small park right next the house as well as tennis court and playground. 
This home is in the heart of Temescal, located blocks from freeways entrance to San francisco and the rest of East Bay. Easy walking to parks, excellent restaurants such as Pizziolo and Dona Tomas, plus almost daily farmers markets. Some highlights of the area are Temescal Alley and the saturday Temescal farmers market. Our house is walkable to Rockridge, Elmwood and Piedmont st. A quick drive or bike ride to downtown Oakland, downtown Berkeley, or UC. Children's hospital is 3 blocks away. 
This is a diverse urban residential neighborhood.  Those of us who live here love it. It is very convenient.  Located withing walking distance to BART and very close to many area attractions - dining areas such as Temescal and Rockridge, shopping in Emeryville and Berkeley, and easy access to San Francisco.
This is a great neighborhood in North Oakland, it's very quiet and family centric. I'm one block from busy Telegraph avenue, super close to Berkeley, there are parks, shopping, grocery, coffee and everything really close. Downtown Berkley is really close, Rockridge is really close and I'm practically in Temescal if you're familiar with those neighborhoods.
This is a great neighborhood. My neighbors are friendly and helpful and I know them by name. We have a block party every year.   I like being close to many commercial districts, without having to actually live in any of them (No parking restrictions except street cleaning twice a month). Also, really good access to UCB from here. The best grocery store in the East Bay, Berkeley Bowl, is walking distance, and Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and Safeway are close by, as are great restaurants, cafes, and bars.
This is the neighborhood to be in if you want comfort and convenience, and if you're a foodie!  The apartment is located on the border of Upper Temescal and Lower Rockridge.  Two blocks to Bakesale Betty's on the corner, Rockridge Bart is a 5 minute bike ride away, as well as the Macarthur Bart!  You have all of Rockridge and Temescal at walking distance of 5 to 15 minutes. Neighborhood is considered part of the NOBE district which stands for North Oakland Berkeley Emerville.
This neighborhood is colorful , cultural, and convenient to many things.  WIthin 2 blocks you can find the La Pena cultural center, Starry Plough Irish Pub, and European Books and Media, as well as the Ashby Theatre, and many ethnic restaurants.  You can find restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, convenience stores, pharmacy, car rental service, and public transit all within 2-5 blocks.
Two blocks down is a great liquor/convenience store where you can even pick up some organic eggs or a really unique local wine.  A five minute walk north is some of the best pizza in town (Nick's) or walk 10 minutes south to the lovely Telegraph/Temescal area where there is Walgreen's, Pizzaiolo (must go to restaurant), quaint bars/lounges and boutique shops.  The neighborhood is diverse yet safe and full of life.
Very convenient neighborhood.  Close to BART, UC Berkeley, Children's Hospital.  15 minutes to downtown San Francisco.
We are in a great residential neighborhood, blocks away from Dover Street Park. You can walk to shops like Sweet Adeline Bakeshop and Lois the Pie Queen for brunch, or venture just a little farther to the commercial districts of Temescal and Rockridge. Trader Joe's in Rockridge and Berkeley Bowl in South Berkeley are about a mile walk.
We are less than 2 miles south of the UC Berkeley campus and close to a lot of trendy neighborhoods -- Temescal, Rockridge, etc. -- but live on a quiet street out of the hubbub. We are near top-notch food destinations like Commis, Zachary's Pizza, Nick's Pizza, Wood Tavern, Bakesale Betty, Burma Superstar, A Cote, Pizzaiolo, among many others... and incredible grocery shopping at Berkeley Bowl, if you want to make your own tasty creations.  Find kick-ass music venues like The New Parish and the Fox Theater about 3 miles south of us in downtown Oakland... or get super-local at The Starry Plough just a few blocks north of us.  The beer scene is pretty awesome in California in general, and the Bay Area in particular... and, as luck would have it, a lot of good choices right in Oakland.  Check out micro-breweries like Hoi Polloi (just a few blocks away), up-and-comers like Linden Street (downtown), or just go for great bars with incredible selections like The Trappist (downtown).  If you h
We are located just below the Oakland Rockridge neighborhood that has ample shopping, dining, and grocery store options. There are also additional convenience stores, cafes, and dinning spots within walking distance in each direction. The UC Berkeley Campus is a 5-10 minute drive, as well as, the Oakland Temescal neighborhood in the opposite direction. Easy access to multiple bus lines and the Ashby (10 min walk) and Rockridge (12-15) min walk) BART stations that can take you throughout Oakland, Berkeley, and most of the Bay Area.
We are walking distance to the Temescal District of Oakland which is flourishing with shops, restaurants, cafes, bars; a post office, pharmacy, produce shop with plenty of organic, gluten free, and allergy friendly options, and taqueria. Easy access to Bart means that in 20 minutes you can be in Downtown San Francisco; easy access to the Freeway means that in one hour you can be wine tasting, exploring the Pacific, hiking in Redwoods, biking, camping, kayaking, surfing, and more.  
We are walking distance to the Temescal District of Oakland which is flourishing with shops, restaurants, cafes, bars; a post office, pharmacy, produce shop with plenty of organic, gluten free, and allergy friendly options, taqueria, artisanal cheese shop, and dedicated gluten free bakery.  An express bus to Bart is a five minute walk away, or you can walk the .9 miles yourself. Other bus lines provide access to greater Oakland/Berkeley area. Downtown SF is 20 mins away on Bart or by car (with no traffic); easy access to the Freeway means that in one hour you can be in San Francisco, wine tasting, exploring the Pacific coast, hiking in Redwoods, biking, camping, kayaking, surfing, and more.
We have wonderful grocery stores within a mile radius: Berkeley Bowl, Whole Foods, and Trader Joe's.  There is a weekly flea market Saturday and Sunday at the Ashby BART that is very colorful, and there is always something interesting happening in downtown Berkeley or Oakland.  The CAL Berkeley campus is 1.5 miles away.  We are in a city, so it is important to be aware of your surroundings and lock the doors when you leave.
We live in a neighborhood that is going through a lot of changes and quickly gentrifying. Our house is located right smack in the middle of the two areas— a hip, nicer neighborhood juxtaposed next to a little bit gritty, developing neighborhood. It's quick and easy to BART or drive into San Francisco. There are lots of fun things to do nearby in Oakland and Berkeley as well. We are about a 15-20 minute walk to the nearest BART stop. Please be alert and mindful when walking alone at night as the neighborhood can sometimes feel sketchy. We have never had any problems, but it's good to use your city smarts in Oakland in general. To the east of our house it's about a 15 minute walk to Temescal Alley, recently named one of the best, most walkable neighborhoods in the country. There are great restaurants and cafes, such as Burma Superstar or Pizzaiolo.  To the west of our street, towards MLK Jr Way, you'll find a sometimes sketchy patch with homeless people. We've never had any security prob
We live in what is known as the Elmwood District. A few blocks from Whole Foods Market, Cafes, Restaurants, a Movie Theater, Parks, Boutiques, Gift Shops, Starbucks, Live Theater, Salons and gorgeous tree lined neighborhood walks! Close to UCB. If you want any recommendations we would love to help. A plethora of Berkeley Culture!
We love how safe and low key our block is.  We also adore how central our location is.  Easy access and  safe street parking!
We love our neighborhood.  -Our house is surrounded by cafes and restaurants (see photos for map).   -4 minute walk to the Ashby BART ( Bay Area Rapid Transit ) Train stations,   -20 minute train ride to the heart of San Francisco.  -½ mile from Whole Foods Market and the famous Berkeley Bowl.   -Walk to Shotgun Players Theater to see a live performance.   -Walk to our local farmer's market on Tuesday evenings.   -Drive ten minutes to downtown Oakland or Emeryville.   -Drive, walk or hop on BART to explore UC Berkeley.
We're close to a few excellent shopping/dining areas. Nick's pizza is a 2 minute walk and we highly recommend it. A little further North, there's a pub with live music, The Starry Plough. The Mexican place next door is a good spot for a low-key bite. If you keep going, you'll hit an excellent japanese restaurant, Kirala. Keep going a bit further and you're in downtown Berkeley.  Rockridge is about 10 blocks East, or less than a mile up Alcatraz Ave. and you'll find a mix of casual and upscale dining and shopping there. Coffee fiends check out Philz coffee on College Ave. If you have a sweet tooth, Cream gourmet ice cream sandwiches are next door.  Temescal is about 10 blocks south, around the intersection of Shattuck and Telegraph Ave. There you'll find more shopping, dining, a Walgreens, an ATM, and a post office. If you're looking for a retail mall with a movie theater and big box stores like Target, head to Emeryville, about a 5 minute drive. If you like hiking, grab our book on Bay
We're on a quiet, tree-lined street walking distance from some nice cafes and restaurants.  Downtown Berkeley and some great Oakland neighborhoods are easily accessible as well.
about a 1/2 mile to ASHBY BART, 1 mile to Rockridge, near Whole foods and Berkeley Bowl. About 1.5 miles to UC Berkeley