Miles of nature trails and access to greenbelt, easy access to the major highways, quaint Montclair village 10 minutes away. Very safe neighborhood under private 24 hour security patrol, 2 miles away from Chabot space and science observatory. Excellent neighborhood for nature and city lovers equally.
Near hiking trails, regional parks, science center, zoo, and beautiful Lake Merritt, restaurants, shopping and beautiful San Francisco. Public transportation is very convenient into Oakland, and San Francisco. Oakland Airport is 20 minutes away. Nearby parking is scarce and there are a few stairs to my place. There is some walking if you park down hill or uphill. Walk is not that bad about 2-3 minutes. Call ahead & I can help with luggage. My place is nestled in back of  main road and can be hard to find. I will send a map via text or email to help you locate the front door. For those with no Smart phone please give personal email and print out map. Please note: If you intend to sleep during the day. I have upstairs neighbors they are usually quiet. Their dog will bark sometimes, but usually not a big problem. My place is usually very quiet. I am quite accommodating and only want the best possible stay for all my guests. I treat people the way I want to be treated when I'm away from ho
Nice and quiet close to freeway and bart
Nice and quiet lots of trees
The neighborhood is quiet and safe.  We live in a new home development. The neighborhood is patrolled throughout the day.
The neighborhood is safe and quite, only minutes from Oracle Arena where the Warriors play and the Oakland Coliseum for the Raiders play.
The views are breathtaking. Depending on the time of the year, you may even see a family of deer roaming around. The community pool and spa are available May - Oct.  Safety is paramount in our tight nit neighborhood. We have 24hr private security patrol. Bedroom community with convenient access to metropolitan areas including San Francisco, Berkeley, and Downtown. So whether you're feeling like soaking up some rays on the deck, fine dining, shopping, hiking, sightseeing, listening to live music it's all in reach from this extraordinary enclave.
The views are breathtaking. Depending on the time of the year, you may even see a family of deer roaming around. The community pool and spa are available May - Oct. Safety is paramount in our tight nit neighborhood. We have 24hr private security patrol. Bedroom community with convenient access to metropolitan areas including San Francisco, Berkeley, and Downtown. So whether you're feeling like soaking up some rays on the deck, fine dining, shopping, hiking, sightseeing, listening to live music it's all in reach from this extraordinary enclave.
There is a neighborhood pool and hot tub you are welcome to use (open mid May-Sept).  The home is in a quiet residential neighborhood, about a 15 minute drive to downtown Oakland.
There is a neighborhood pool and hot tub you are welcome to use (open mid May-Sept). The home is in a quiet residential neighborhood, about a 15 minute drive to downtown Oakland.