Lake Merritt is one of the most desirable neighborhoods in the country....
The neighborhood is up and coming. We are located on the opposite side of the lake from Downtown.  The lake is seconds away and is a great place to have lunch, run or enjoy a book. You can rent a paddle boat or sail boat (must have license) or  walk through the shops on Grand street.  I am also located near the Grand Movie Theater if you need a night to catch up.   Endless of bar walking distance and more and more opening everyday.  Every Saturday there is a farmers market around the Lake.  2 blocks from Lake Meritt, a coffee shop, a pie shop (the best ever) and the greatest outdoor brunch spot in Oakland. 1 block from a grocery store, amazing PHO, laundry mat, and a few local drive bars 10 minutes to Downtown Oakland, Jack London, Lakeshore/Grand, Trader Joe's, and my restaurants and bars. Easy access to San Francisco. The commute is about 20 minutes to downtown. The Fox and other downtown activities is only walking distance or ubers away.
There is some exceptional Vietnamese and Thai dining within walking distance of the apartment. It's also such a treat to be so close to Lake Merritt, being able to go for a morning run around the lake or visit the Farmer's Market on Saturdays.
This neighborhood is a diverse, calm but fun community
Victorian house in the Oakland Hills outside of San Francisco and in the middle of local East Bay life. (check out the guidebook as I have listed some great spots right near the house)! Best part of this place is the central location.  Great way to discover all the magic the Bay Area has to offer:  Alameda Island, Jack London Square, Downtown Oakland, Berkeley, San Francisco. Whether you want to take a hike, row a boat, or enjoy the city, everything is accessible!
Walk around lake Merritt. Get a Vietnamese sandwich and a Thai tea at either Saigon or Cam Huong.
Walk to cafes, markets, restaurants, and Lake Merritt. 
We live in the East Lake Merritt neighborhood. The surrounding blocks are predominantly Vietnamese. You will be a 4 block walk away from the picturesque lake and less than a block in every direction to delicious restaurants. You can find delicious and cheap banh mi and pho everywhere.