Beauty, peace, quiet, easy access to everything. Market, cafes, restaurants, farmers market, movie theater 10-15minute walk. Wonderful lake for walking 15 to 20 minute walk.
Crocker Highlands neighborhood is nothing short of amazing and charming.  When our family first came to visit us, they almost all commented on how it looks like a neighborhood out of a movie --it is just picture perfect.   We are a short walk to all the shops and restaurants on Lakeshore Ave. and Grand Ave. and the Grand Lake Theater (an amazing old movie theater).    Some of our favorite restaurant spots: Boot & Shoe (even if you don't like tonic, get the vodka/gin/bourbon + tonic!) Michel Bistro Shakewell Pennrose Lakeshore Cafe (great breakfast) Grand Tavern (great breakfast) Cana (amazing Cuban food & Mojitos) STAR pizza (seriously, the best deep dish pizza you will EVER have...and we don't even care for deep dish, but you'll want this every night of your stay!!!  Get the 1/2 Port and 1/2 Golden Gate pizza with roasted garlic sprinkled on top -to die for!) Upon your arrival, we will have a list of all kinds of recommendations and again, give us a call anytime during your visit, if 
Great neighborhood, 20 min walk to Lakeshore, including Starbucks, Peets, Trader Joes as well as many great restaurants. 10 min walk to Glenview Gourmet Ghetto.  Note, we do live in the hills, so none of these are flat walks. For a great walk, run, picnic or paddle boating, you'll find our beautiful Lake Merritt less than 2 miles away. Sausalito, Wine Country, Mount Tamalpais, Muir Beach, the Redwoods, Santa Cruz, and the Sonoma Coast are all easy day trips.
I live in what many consider the best neighborhood of oakland/bay area.  it is a mature urban environment, probably the most diverse place I have ever been, and I have been nearly everywhere.   The proximity of restaurants, cafes, shopping, transportation, parks ,recreation, of of course, amazingly beautifiul Lake Merrit with it's 3 miles walking track and lakeside restaurants and bars.
Incredible restaurants, bakeries, coffee shops, Lake Merritt.
It's the most walkable neighborhood in Oakland that is also quiet and secluded at night and close enough to Lake Merritt to enjoy daily. It is a hilly area so be prepared for a little exercise getting around this neighborhood.
Neighbourhood  :: Tree-lined and tranquil, Longridge Road is prized for its distinctive, well-preserved architecture as well as its close proximity to public transportation, and everyday destinations for shopping, dining, and recreation. A 10-15 min walk from shopping, restaurants, an amazing farmers market on Saturdays, Lake Merritt and much more. Featured in Secret Stairs: East Bay
Our home is in the peaceful Crocker Highlands neighborhood which is only .7 tenth of a mile from the Lake Shore Avenue shopping district and beautiful Lake Merritt. 
Simply put, our neighborhood is incredibly beautiful and a fantastic place to live! We live in a tight-knit community on a lovely, quiet, safe street and have excellent neighbors who look out for each other. This neighborhood is perfect for walking and running, with lots of green space and parks nearby. Crocker Highlands is near Piedmont and Lake Merritt with easy access to Hwy 13 and Interstate 580.
The Crocker Highlands neighborhood (ours) is a pretty residential area developed in the 1920s and about 350 feet above downtown Oakland and the Bay (we have views over both and to San Francisco).   We are two houses below Piedmont which is an exclusive (and expensive) small town and only one to three miles from the best parts of Oakland as well as 5 miles to the Bay. Hiking abounds in the Hills above our house (10 minutes to the top at approximately 1,000 feet high) or you can drive 50 minutes to Mt. Tamalpais for hikes with views of San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, the Pacific, etc.   An absolutely wonderful thing to do.  Leave early and you can be home by noon after a great 2 hour hike.  Or head out to lunch in Marin County in places such as Sausalito or Tiburon.
Very walkable, bike-able, quiet, easy access to public transit or freeways, and shopping/Farmer's Market in historic Grand Lake.
We've lived in our house for over 20 years and love the mild weather and safe, friendly neighborhood.  Sit out front and you'll likely meet some of our fabulous neighbors and may even get invited to have a glass of wine out on the lawn.
my neighborhood is the most diverse neighborhood in  the bay area.   shopping is very very close, Lake merit complete with boating and restaurants is within 1 mile from here, farmers market every saturday just down the street, and the BART is within 3 miles of here.   It is a mature tee lined urban neighborhood, probably the best in all of Oakland