Comfortable, light-filled one bedroom apartment with open floor plan, living room, and full kitchen, located in Oakland's Uptown/Lake Merritt Area.  The apartment complex is a charming old-world building yet only two and a half blocks from Lake Merritt and access to all that the Grand Lake area has to offer including fine restaurants, a variety of shops and the exciting atmosphere that is the Saturday Farmers Market. The Oakland Museum of California is within walking distance and the Uptown area, with additional restaurants and nightlife including the Fox and Paramount Theaters, is located directly across the Lake a short drive or bike ride away.  Our location offers easy access to Highways 580 West to Berkeley and San Francisco, 580 East to Hayward and 880 South the Oakland Airport, San Jose, and Silicon Valley. Bart Stations and AC Transit stops are 
Downtown Oakland has lots to offer visitors. There are nice restaurants, bars, and coffee shops within a few blocks from the apartment. Old Oakland is three blocks away and the lively Uptown scene is just six blocks away. Jack London Square, Oakland's water side, is a walkable 15 minutes or a quick drive.  Review the Guidebook link to see my highlighted favorites.
Lake Merritt is half a mile away and offers a wonderful ~3 mile path if you feel like getting outside. A rock climbing gym (Great Western Power Company) is across the street. Public transportation (BART/buses) are a block away. The Fox Theater is one block away, and Oakland's most awesome restaurants and bars (Mua, Flora, Duende, Lost & Found, Make Westing, Drexl), etc, et al, are all within a few blocks, too!
Love the proximity to BART, the Fox theater and many local bars and restaurants.
Oakland is the new creative hotbed of the San Francisco Bay Area, and this apartment lies in the center of the action.
Oakland's First LEED Certified Apartment Community 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance 24-Hour Front Desk Controlled Building Access Theater Room Community Lounge with Plasma TV, Billiards and Shuffleboard Heath Club Level Fitness Center Outdoor Deck Featuring Grilling and Dining Areas Outdoor Fireplace Sparkling Pool and Spa Poker/Game Room Demo Kitchen and Lounge Area Beautiful Courtyards featuring Japanese Style Gardens Art Gallery Features Exhibits from Local Schools and Artists One Block from AC Transit and BART Stations Close to Area Parks and Shopping
Our home is steps away from the farmer's market (only Fridays). Check out the latest exhibit at the Oakland Museum of California. Meet up with friends at one of the many lively new restaurants, lounges and cafes just moments away in Old Oakland.  Enjoy a great concert at the Fox Theater, which is only a block away or go to Van Cleef.  Cafe Van Kleef is a wonderful place to relax after a busy day; enjoy an elegantly strong drink flavored with fresh-squeezed fruit and the finest selection of top-shelf liquor to be found.  Experience canoeing or whitewater rafting at (website hidden) or take a road trip to the beautiful South Lake Tahoe to ski or snowboard.  If you are into fashion, visit East Bay Bridge Shopping Center, Rockridge Shopping Center or Trans Pacific Centre.  Checkout our guidebook :)
The hustle and bustle of the day with the working crowd heading into the state and fed building. Walking to nightlife, restaurants, shows at the FOX theater, convenient transportation and the corner market will meet your basic food, drink and toiletry needs.
The location has a big upside. It's right in Downtown Oakland and the price is a good value compared to nearby hotels. 5 minute walk from the BART,10-15 minute walk from Uptown, Old Town, Chinatown, and Jack London Square. There's a ton to do close by.  The Good Walk 5 minutes to BART station and you'll be a 15 minute ride away from San Francisco. You can actually get BART at the SF airport, and end up 5 minutes walking from our front door. During the day you'll enjoy the hustle and bustle the working crowd heading into the City, State and Federal buildings.  Thanks to these major municipals building there are tons of coffee shops and great lunch spots within 5 minutes walking (Starbucks, Peets Coffee, Jamba Juice, Bagel Street Café to name a few).  There is also a corner store on the same street that literally has everything.  At night you're 5 – 10 minutes walking or a $6 UBER/ LYFT away from bars, restaurants, music and art venues of Uptown, Downtown, Oldtown, & Jack London Square. 
Uptown is the most exciting neighborhood in Oakland - new restaurants and shops opening weekly! Known as an "entertainment district" you will be right in the heart of everything Oakland has to offer. The building is also a short walk from Lake Merritt which is an wonderful place to exercise and picnic.
Vibrant downtown neighborhood near top restaurants, theatres and nightlife.