Beautiful Rockridge/Elmwood with a plethora of places to wine, dine, and have general amazing fun.
Best neighborhood in the east bay.  It's an easy walk to great restaurants, (wood tavern is right around the corner, but make a reservation or sit at the bar)  Check out yelp for what's delicious around here.  We also have a 24 hour Safeway (again...right around the corner).  You won't want to miss Tara Ice Cream or Smitten...just a block or two down College Avenue.
Central Rockridge is a 5-10 minute walk away. Rockridge is a friendly and walkable neighborhood with loads of shops and charming tree-lined streets.  Enjoy tasty restaurants like Zachary's Pizza, Ramen Shop and Oliveto, or shop for yourself at Market Hall, featuring a produce shop, butcher, wine shop, fresh pasta and cheeses.  A short walk south will bring you to Temescal, another popular dining and shopping destination with great Korean food, sandwiches and a cute alley with locally owned boutiques. The Rockridge BART station gives you quick access to downtown Oakland and San Francisco. If you're driving, we're located right off the 24 freeway. When traffic is light, you can make it to downtown San Francisco in 15 minutes! 
Cole Coffee, Trappist Brewery, La Farine Bakery, Lucero Salon, Cream ice cream, The Graduate Bar. Further on College Avenue,  Barclays Pub, Zachary's Pizza, Olivetto's, Trader Joe's, and 27 others....oh, and did we mention the Rockridge BART, bus lines that go everywhere and Uber will pick up from home...
Elmwood neighborhood is wonderful Berkeley at its best. Lots of coffee shops, restaurants,  groceries, and bakeries.  Bookstore, odd bits and movie theater.  Lovely neighborhood for walking.
Just next to Telegraph Avenue with lots of restaurants, cafe's and shops. Walking distance to Temeschal and Berkeley.
Lower Rockridge is filled with tree-lined streets and hundred-year old houses. It's right between the destination neighborhoods of Rockridge and Temescal, both filled with restaurants and boutiques. There's ample street parking, but between walking, buses and BART, you don't need a car. The Berkeley campus is just two miles north, and downtown Oakland is just three miles south.
Our classic Arts and Craft home has wooden floors and period woodwork throughout the house yet equipped with modern systems (electricity, plumbing and central aircon/heating) just 9 years old. The major appliances are stainless steel and new. We are located in Rockridge/ Temescal area conveniently located walking distance from BART, Hwy 24, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, ethnic restaurants, and college/ hipster cafes. Really convenient! The area is very safe with neighborhood watch group and private security.
Our home is in walking distance to the Rockridge and Elmwood neighborhoods of Berkeley and Oakland, which are packed with shops, cafes and great restaurants. We are also within easy walking distance to the UC Berkeley campus.  Public transportation to San Francisco is also within walking distance.  
Our neighborhood is dynamic and very friendly. Most of us have been here for many years and enjoy our access to the neighborhood cafes, restaurants, bus lines, and the Rockridge Bart.
Our place is just a short walk to both the  Temescal  &  Rockridge areas. Both neighborhoods are great places to visit, eat, drink, shop, or just walk. The main streets of these 2 areas (Telegraph Ave in Temescal and College Ave in Rockridge) are located in residential areas with architecturally interesting homes that range from small craftsman houses to larger  homes, most  built between 1906 and 1920ties, and a few  from the 1880ties. Walk thru the tree lined streets and enjoy the many little gardens. Rockridge commercial area is a bit more upscale than the more hipster Temescal area, but both equally enjoyable.  Rockridge: From many vintage and collectible shops to comic books and motorcycles... it is all in the Rockridge, a wonderful shopping district stretching along almost 14 blocks of College Avenue. You will find 5 great bakeries, gourmet food shops, 5 art and photo galleries, a number of shops catering to children and one for just sleepwear. Along with so many unique shops and
Quiet residential streets just a quick walk away from the commercial areas of Rockridge (College Ave.) and Temescal (Telegraph Ave.). Friendly neighbors, great sunny weather, parks for kids, and fun restaurants and bars.  
Quiet(but not boring), beautiful and safe! Short and pleasant walking distance to many cafes, bars, restaurants and shopping. If you prefer, walk to one of the many nearby grocery locations (Berkeley Bowl, Whole Foods, Safeway, Market Hall, Farmers Markets) and come back and cook dinner here!
Rockridge is a vibrant neighborhood with lots to do and see. We are within a 10 minute walk of many shops, restaurants, grocery stores, and parks. There is a great farmer's market on Sundays that is a five minute walk through a fun park for kids and a little stream to play in. We are about 2 miles from the UC Berkeley campus.
Rockridge is considered by many as the most desirable neighborhood in Oakland with great restaurants and coffee shops. Lots of San Franciscans have moved out of the city into the neighborhood for its charm, great weather and proximity to San Francisco. Just hop on a train or a car, and you're there in about 30 minutes. Elmwood, the premier neighborhood in Berkeley, is also within walking distance. Rockridge is one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Oakland - quiet and yet close to shops and restaurants. The apartment is also close to Temescal, an up and coming neighborhood with popular restaurants that offer Burmese, Italian, Mexian, Ethiopian, American, Japanese, Korean and Moraccan food. The Temescal Alley is a pedestrian area with local specialty stores and artisan workspace.
Rockridge is considered by many as the most desirable neighborhood in Oakland with great restaurants and coffee shops. Lots of San Franciscans have moved out of the city into the neighborhood for its charm, great weather and proximity to San Francisco. Just hop on a train or a car, and you're there in about 30 minutes. Elmwood, the premier neighborhood in Berkeley, is also within walking distance. The apartment is also close to Temescal, an up and coming neighborhood with popular restaurants that offer Burmese, Italian, Mexian, Ethiopian, American, Japanese, Korean and Moraccan food. The Temescal Alley is a pedestrian area with local specialty stores and artisan workspace.
The apartment couldn't be in better proximity to so many unique Bay Area offerings. Steps away from Rockridge BART, Market Hall & The Pasta Shop and countless College Avenue shops and restaurants - to include Ramen Shop, Oliveto, Smitten Ice Cream, Atomic Garden, Maison d'Etre, DIESL Books and dozens of others - there will be much to actually keep you away from this clean, cozy 1-bedroom! Other attractions include:  * walking distance to the Temescal neighborhood.  * walking distance to the Elmwood neighborhood.  * walking distance to neighborhood farmer's markets as well as wine shops, specialty markets and grocery stores.
The desirable Rockridge neighborhood is one of the friendliest, safest and most beautiful areas in Oakland.  The apartment is centrally located just a couple blocks in either direction to the hip and highly walkable neighborhoods found on College, Claremont and Telegraph Avenues.  You will be delighted to  find an abundance of local shops, markets, eateries, cafes, pubs, boutiques, parks, playgrounds and more.  We are also only three blocks to the Berkeley border and a bit over 1 mile to the UC Berkeley campus.  Eight blocks to Trader Joe's and nine blocks to the Whole Foods! Also very close to other great neighborhoods such as Temescal, Piedmont, Lake Merritt,  Montclair and the lovely hills and redwood forest are just a ten minute drive away.   This is a tight knit community and our block is very diverse with many types of families, professionals and hipsters.
The neighborhood has been fantastic for me , its friendly, central to all my daily needs and has scrumptious eateries walking distance. If you're a foodie, I can guide on some of the best spots for pizza, burgers, sushi, salads- you name it , and it won't be a long distance from this spot.
The neighborhood is really the best; we are in the middle of the three most exciting areas in the East bay: 1) the UC Berkeley area shops and restaurants, 2) the Rockridge area with more of the same as well as the BART to San Francisco withing walking distance, and 3) the hipster Temescal area.
To the north, a pleasant 20 minute walk through quiet neighborhoods will lead you to the UC Berkeley campus entrance. Up the hill to the east about half a mile is THE most charming neighborhood in Berkeley, Elmwood. Grab dinner, go to a movie, and then maybe try the most delicious ice cream you'll ever have at Ici. To the south and southeast are the pleasant North Oakland neighborhoods, Temescal and Rockridge, where there are no shortages of fun things to do and great places to eat. To the west a few blocks is the Ashby BART station, which can take you wherever you may need to go in the bay area!
Tons of restaurants, shopping, coffee shops, etc. within a few minutes walk.  30 minute walk to UC Berkeley, 12 minute walk to BART.
Walk to College Avenue with numerous restaurants, coffee shops, gourmet groceries, Trader Joes and Safeway - all within about 10 minutes walking. In addition to College Avenue attractions you can walk to farmers market off Claremont Avenue on Sundays (10 minutes).  Walk to a hip Temescal neighborhood with great restaurants and stores (10-15 minutes) and children's Frog park. There are many beautiful parks near by where you can hike and enjoy unbelievable views of the bay, bridges, San Francisco, Berkeley, hills.
Walk to College Avenue with numerous restaurants, coffee shops, gourmet groceries, Trader Joes and Safeway - all within about 10 minutes walking. In addition to College Avenue attractions you can walk to farmers market off Claremont Avenue on Sundays (10 minutes). Walk to a hip Temescal neighborhood with great restaurants and stores (10-15 minutes) and children's Frog park. There are many beautiful parks near by where you can hike and enjoy unbelievable views of the bay, bridges, San Francisco, Berkeley, hills.
We are surrounded by charming neighborhood bars (White Horse, The Graduate, Starry Plough), grocers (Whole Foods, Yassai Market, Safeway, Corner Market), and Ethiopian restaurants (Colucci, Ahadu, Addis). 
We live in the ideal spot in North Oakland right at the epicenter of great restaurants, beautiful tree-lined streets, less than one mile from both Ashby and Rockridge bart, walking distance from great cafes, shops, restaurants, bars, etc. We are also 1.2 miles from the Claremont Canyon trailhead so if you are so inclined you can leave our house on foot and hike up to incredible panoramic views of the bay area. Lots of families live on our block and it is very safe! We are right in between Rockridge, Temescal, South Berkeley and Claremont neighborhoods.
We're in Lower Rockridge/Fairview Park, which is a sunny and vibrant little slice of North Oakland. Rockridge BART station is a 7-minute walk and Hwy 24 with quick Bay Bridge access is right around the corner.  There is so much great stuff within walking distance - we know because we do it all the time. College Ave is a half mile away and has shops, restaurants, grocery stores, and Market Hall, which is a collection of gourmet food vendors under one big roof. There's a Farmer's Market on Sundays that is just a short walk from here. The Temescal shopping and eating scene at 51st St + Telegraph is very close as well.
We're in Rockridge, and also quite close to Temescal. Both have lots of great shopping, restaurants, coffee shops and amenities.
What i love most about Rockridge is how close i am to the College Avenue shops, restaurants, bars and cafes. I also like Lake Temsecal being so nearby and being able to walk to BART to get to the City (SF).
the neighborhood is awesome and eclectic. tons of coffee shops, local bars, and fun things to do within a couple mile radius. 2 miles from the historic fox and paramount theaters in downtown oakland.
we are located two blocks from College Avenue and Claremont. there, we find Cole Coffee, Wood Tavern Restaurant, Trappist Tavern, Safeway, hair and nail salons, and Trader Joes. Continue east on College Avenue and then 27 more restaurants and cafes!