Check out the casual carpool and bus lines from Park and Hollywood - very convenient!
Dimond park is great and it's right across the street.  There is a community swimming pool, tennis courts, playgrounds, fields, forests and trails.  We're also half a mile in one direction to the family friendly Glenview shopping/dining district and half a mile in the other direction to the Dimond commercial district with Farmer Joe's amazing grocery.
Family oriented neighborhood with two areas with restaurants within walking distance. A little over a mile from Lake Merritt where there are even more fantastic restaurants. Only 20 minutes to the city when there is no traffic.
Glenview district in the Oakland foothills.  Safe neighborhood. Many restaurants; one Michelin recognized and other one of Bay Area's best.  Diverse; Sushi, Thai, Italian, Breakfast, Burgers, Coffee.  Other amenities include Grocery Store, Dry Cleaners, Laundromat, Postal Service, nail and hair stylists.
Glenview is a quiet, safe neighborhood.  We have a shopping district with lots of restaurants that's walking distance from the house.
Great family area. Within walking distance to three areas for shopping and eating, Park Blvd, Dimond district and Lake Merritt area.
My neighborhood is very safe and close to main routes to San (URL HIDDEN) home is 2 blocks from a very popular area of restaurants and shops.Glenview is a very cute area of tree lined streets and craftsman cottages,walking distance to everything you need.....wonderful hiking trails in the redwoods,just 10 minutes away(by car)There are lots of great shopping streets and farmers markets nearby. Lake Merritt is now a lovely easy flat walk in the eve......stop at Lake Chalet for a glass of wine on the way....
Nearby is Park Burger, Ultimate Ground Coffee, nail shops, a yoga studio and more. It is a 15 minute walk to Lake Merrit and other local shops. A few minutes away by car is a newly renovated park with great walking trails.
One of Oakland's nicest, safest neighborhoods!   Peaceful, residential and very walkable. Glenview is a lovely, family-friendly nook at the base of the Oakland hills filled with Craftsman bungalows and tree-lined streets.  This is a desirable middle-class neighborhood full of professionals and their families.  We are nestled between beautiful Lake Merritt which is busting with restaurants and culture, and more residential, middle-class neighborhoods.  We can walk to great cafes (Peet's Coffee), bakeries (La Farine), markets (Farmer Joe's) and restaurants (Bellanico, Blackberry Bistro, Park Burger, to name a few!), yoga studios, etc.  We are also in walking distance from great parks and playgrounds. We live on a small dead-end court, so it's quiet, peaceful, and children play freely on our safe street till dark.  It's a super friendly, tight-knit neighborhood.  Most afternoons, neighbors are out socializing, sharing a glass of wine and conversation, and playing ball games with the kids.
Prime Glenview location Steps to Dimond Park and Sausal Trail 2 minute walk to Dimond District shops & the best fried chicken this side of the bay 10 minute walk to Glenview District shops & delicious eateries
Quiet, tree-lined streets, friendly neighbors, and proximity to activity make Glenview a perfect retreat.
Shopping, restaurants, coffee shops, dry cleaner, laundromat, UPS store, hair and nail shops are all a 5 minute walk away. The nearest freeway entrance is less than a mile away.  A three minute walk takes you to the Transbay bus and a commuter bus that goes to downtown San Francisco. Popular neighborhoods near-by include the Rockridge District, Montclair, Grand Ave. The home is very close to the Bay Bridge for easy driving into San Francisco.  The Rockridge BART station is 3 miles away.  Parking is ample and wifi is available for your use. I love the friendly energy of this neighborhood and I feel very safe living here.  My street is popular for strolling.  It seems that one out of three people are walking a dog.  Lots of families live here.  Diamond Park and Saucel Creek great nature spots, 5 minute walk from my house. The weather is one of the finest in the United States as well as the Bay Area. It does get cold in the winter, but not freezing.  I like the local restaurant/bar Bellin
Shopping, restaurants, coffee shops, dry cleaner, laundromat, UPS store, hair and nail shops are all a 5 minute walk away. The nearest freeway entrance is less than a mile away.  A three minute walk takes you to the Transbay bus and a commuter bus that goes to downtown San Francisco. Popular neighborhoods near-by include the Rockridge District, Montclair, Grand Ave. The home is very close to the Bay Bridge for easy driving into San Francisco.  The Rockridge BART station is 3 miles away.  Parking is ample and wifi is available for your use. I love the friendly energy of this neighborhood and I feel very safe living here.  My street is popular for strolling.  It seems that one out of three people are walking a dog.  Lots of families live here.  The weather is one of the finest in the United States as well as the Bay Area. It does get cold in the winter, but not freezing.  
The Dimond District is a cute neighborhood -- organic grocery, coffee shops, park with swimming pool. 5 minutes from woods and hiking trails. My street is one block long with nice neighbors.
The Dimond District is a cute neighborhood with walkability -- organic grocery, coffee shops, post office, library, a park with a swimming pool, all two blocks away. 5 minutes from woods and hiking trails. My street is one block long with nice neighbors, all of whom like to be helpful to my Airbnb guests.
The Glenview business district, with several restaurants and a well-stocked neighborhood grocery store, is a short block away.  Restaurants of note are: Bellanico, Rumbo al Sur, and Growlers' Arms.  We are also adjacent to the Grand-Lake neighborhood and a 10-minute drive to Lake Merritt.  Wine country is an hour away if you're not traveling during rush hour, which makes an easy day trip.  Nearly all of the parks in the Oakland hills, which offer beautiful hikes overlooking the bay, are a 10-20 minute drive from our house.
The Glenview shopping district is three blocks away and has a dry cleaner, market, Laundromat, yoga studios, shipping center and many restaurants including Italian, Thai, breakfast, Japanese and a burger place. Ultimate Grounds coffee shop and a shoe repair shop and dry cleaner are also in the business district. There are nail and hair salons nearby if you need them. Pitch and putt golf course as well as a driving range are one mile away.  Oakland has become a real restaurant town since many businesses are getting priced out of the San Francisco market. The area is home to a burgeoning arts scene for the same reason. There are regional parks a ten minute drive away that have hiking trails through redwood forests. There is also open space within walking distance if you don't have a car.
The Oakland Lake Merritt and Glenview  neighborhoods are fabulous with our space having easy walking access to great restaurants and bars.  We are also just a 10 minute drive to downtown Oakland and Jack London Square which also has a great restaurants and night life.
The Oakland, Lake Merritt, and Glenview neighborhoods are fabulous with tons of shops and places to eat. Our space has easy walking access to restaurants and bars. We are also just a 10 minute drive to downtown Oakland and Jack London Square which also has lots of great restaurants and night life.
There is a walking business and dining district.  Including, nail salons, hair dressers, postal services, Houses of worship, mini market, dry cleaners, beautiful park and hiking trail, and local gas station. CURRENTLY, the park is under construction, but there is still access.
This Spanish Revival home is located in the friendly Oakmore Neighborhood in the Oakland Hills with attractive and architecturally diverse homes. It is near Piedmont, Glenview (1-mile, 20-minute walk), Montclair Village (1.5-miles, 30-minute walk), and Lakeshore Ave. (2.3-miles, 1-hour walk). All feature shopping, restaurants and other services. Rocky's Market is a small neighborhood grocery, which is a short 5-minute walk from the house. The nearest comfort food is Red Boy Pizza!  Some of the other near-by notables and necessities include Peet's and Starbucks coffeehouses, Lucky, Safeway, and Trader Joe's groceries, Crogan's Bar and Grill, Italian Colors Restaurant, Montclair Egg Shoppe (a local fav - be prepared to wait, especially if you go on the weekend), Rumbo Al Sur (featuring the cuisines of Central and South America and colorful cocktails), the Diggery Inn (another local fav for breakfast and lunch), Montclair Golf Course and Range, hiking trails in near by Redwood Regional or
This neighborhood will spoil you.  It is just lovely.  We have lush green trees, older homes with lots of character and architectural styles, and cultural diversity. People are friendly if you wish to engage, and allow you your privacy if that is your preference.  You will see people jogging the streets, people walking their dogs, and strolling with their little ones. The house is just 3 pleasant blocks from the Glenview shopping district, a 2 block section of Park Boulevard with over 7 very well reviewed restaurants, including Italian, Thai, Mediterranean, South American, Japanese, burgers, and a coffee shop, several of which have patio or sidewalk tables for dining al fresco.  We have a gourmet grocery store, yoga, hair and nail salons, a florist, and a postal store.  None of these businesses are from a chain, they are all unique.  The coffee shop has free internet, couches, and patio tables.
Very quiet and convenient to tons of great restaurants, entertainment and bars! About 10 mile drive to SF and about 40 miles to Napa!
We are located at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac in the Glenview neighborhood of Oakland. Our home is situated along the Sausal Creek green space, which connects to miles of hiking trails and offers peaceful, wooded views.  We are two blocks from Dimond Park, with playgrounds, tennis courts, and an outdoor Pool. We are located 5 blocks from Park Avenue Shops with several restaurants, cafes as well as a small grocery store.  Our street is a quiet, residential block in the lower Oakland Hills, a great place from which to explore the East Bay, San Francisco, and the surrounding Bay Area. Kid-Friendly Attractions within 10 minutes by car include: The Oakland Zoo, Fairyland Amusement Park, and The Chabot Space and Science Center. Redwood Regional Park and Lake Merritt are also recommended attractions for visitors to Oakland.