Fantastic location – a quick walk to Piedmont Avenue for restaurants, cafes, shops, Piedmont Movie Theatre, the famous Fenton's Ice Cream Parlor, KAISER Oakland. On City of Piedmont border and near Lake Merritt.  
Fun, safe, and fun to shop around in. Trader Joes is very walkable too.
Grand Lake Merritt is a true joy. The neighborhood offers it all from coffee shops,  bakeries, music, groceries, antiques, bars, theatre.  The list is endless.  Tell me about your favorite place when you visit.
Grand Lake is one of the more enjoyable neighborhoods in Oakland. This area has so much to offer; outstanding restaurants including my favorite, the open fire cooking by a Chez Panisse alumni at "Camino. Delicious cocktails and small plates of unique combinations at Penrose and the newer addition, Shakewell, offering a refreshed take on mediterranean. If you love salsa dancing, Caña is a lively cuban restaurant turned dance floor on Sunday afternoons.  If you are looking for fitness options, there are plenty of yoga studios, a gym and the beautiful 3mile Lake Merritt which is ideal for a run or leisurely walk.  The Grand Lake Theater is on the corner of our street which boasts the weekend night organ player who rises from under the stage to play for the  audience before the main theater movie.  Plenty of markets and shoppes nearby; farmer's market a block away every Saturday, Trader Joe's around the corner, as well as a wonderful wine shop, Ordinare across the street.
Great walking, natural areas, coffee shops and restaurants, farmers market, Grand Lake Theater, and downtown Oakland (which has come a long way with tons of great restaurants and bars).
I love this neighborhood, the rose garden, the farmers market, the coffee shops, wonderful resturants, yoga studios, bakeries, movie theathers.  People are friendly. I feel safe walking around.
Located a lively neighborhood, just 20 mins walk from lake Merritt with fun activities including a farmers market every Saturday. Minutes walk from great restaurants and shops on Piedmont Ave.
Our neighborhood is a quiet, residential neighborhood, walking distance to both Lakeshore (&Lake Merritt), and Piedmont AV.  We are close to the Oakland hills and their beautiful trails, as well as the art, culture and amazing restaurants of downtown Oakland.
Piedmont Avenue is the most walkable neighborhood in Oakland. Everything is convenient: restaurants, bars, coffee shops, boutiques, and even a shoe cobbler. We are also a 15 minute walk to the MacArthur BART
Quiet neighborhood with close access to both Lake Merritt and Piedmont Ave.
Technically we're in the "Lake Merritt" neighborhood of Oakland. We're a few minutes walk from Lake Merritt (a perfect 3 mile jog or stroll spot) and Grand Ave & Piedmont Ave, all loaded with good shoppes and restaurants. We provide an extensive list of local recommendations once you get here.
The Lake Merritt area in Oakland has great restaurants, bars and a fantastic, old movie theater, and an ambiance you cannot find anywhere else.
The Piedmont Ave neighborhood of Oakland is very unique in that it has a small-town feel in a city. Lots of small shops and great restaurants on Piedmont ave a short 10 minute walk away. Grand Avenue is very similar and equidistant from the apartment. Grand Lake Theatre, Lake Merritt and the Grand Ave Farmers Market on Saturday's are great things to see and do nearby. Also a 15-20 minute walk to BART or a 2 minute walk to the 57 bus that takes you directly to the BART station and back for trips to SF.
The Rose Garden neighborhood is a residential escape close to buses into the city, Piedmont Ave, and Lake Merritt. The Morcom Rose Garden two blocks away is a hidden gem.
The apartment is located in the Grand Lake neighborhood of Oakland, which is filled with a host of grocery shops, restaurants, businesses and bars.
This beautiful neighborhood features an eclectic mix of architecture styles and palm trees everywhere. 3 blocks from the Morcom Rose Garden. People are friendly and its very walkable and dog friendly.
Urban life in the Grand Lake district is wonderful.  Walk around Lake Merritt, visit the shops, enjoy the international restaurants or have GrubHub, Spoonrocket or Caviar bring all the delicious food to your door. Take trips to Napa wine country and San Francisco or down to Santa Cruz.
Very hip, lively, yet calm, in walking distance to the movie theatre, nice restaurants, bank, the lake, coffee shops, pubs, and everything!
Very safe,  lovely neighborhood. The rose garden is just a block away
Walking distance to Lakeshore, Grand Ave., Lake Merritt and very close to BART Stations.
We are halfway between the Piedmont Avenue and Grand/Lake shopping districts. The Morcom Amphitheater of Roses is two blocks away.
We are within a 4 block walk to Piedmont Avenue, which is a wonderful area with a variety of restaurants, a movie theatre, a great grocery market and produce shops, as well as bookstores and gift shops. Parking is plentiful and free around the house. Walk through the Rose Garden right down the street from my home.