Do you like tacos?  We LOVE tacos and we highly encourage you to try as many of the nearby taco trucks as possible.  There is also delicious Thai/Lao/Vietnamese food all within a 3 mile radius.  Yummy yummy, and oh so cheap!  Take a quick bike-ride to the Lake Merritt area for a cocktail at Room 389.
I can see San Francisco from my front porch...and bedroom. Lots of great food in the area..thai, vietnamese, burmese and fantastic taco trucks.
Our house is located one mile east of Lake Merritt, one of Oakland's gems.  Take a stroll around the lake, dine at numerous outstanding restaurants, visit the Sunday Farmers Market, or catch a movie at the Grand Lake theater. Just a little further east (2 miles away) is Jack London Square, and Downtown Oakland.  There is plenty of shopping and site seeing super close by. That being said, the immediate neighborhood does not have as much to offer--we are located in a family neighborhood.  For a really good time you may need to travel about one mile to the locations listed above or below.
This neighborhood has many gorgeous Victorians and Colonial Revival homes, dating from the late 1800's and early 1900's.  10th Ave, 2 blocks away, is an Oakland historic district. To be clear, while there are other, grand mansions, there are also small houses and apartment buildings.  Lake Merritt, Oakland's best known natural landmark, a primary gathering place, and a lovely recreation area, is about 12 blocks NW. The Brooklyn Basin, site of a $1.5 billion development in progress is about 12 blocks South. There are 4 very good casual restaurants within walking distance, or a 2 minute drive.  These are Champa Garden Thai; the modern and stylish gourmet pizza at Philomena; Burmese at Grocery Cafe; and Kainbigan Filipino.  There are many more good restaurants within a 5 - 10 minute drive.   PLEASE SEE GUIDEBOOK FOR MUCH MORE INFORMATION.
Victorian house in the Oakland Hills outside of San Francisco and in the middle of local East Bay life (check out the guidebook as I have listed some great spots right near the house)! Best part of this place is the central location.  Great way to discover all the magic the Bay Area has to offer:  Alameda Island, Jack London Square, Downtown Oakland, Berkeley, San Francisco. Whether you want to take a hike, row a boat, or enjoy the city, everything is accessible!