Delicious restaurants including Mexican, Thai, Ethiopian, Indian, Japanese, Italian, and Cuban within 5 minute walk.  Bars, Night clubs, spas, gym, grocery stores also very close.  
I love the lake for daily constitution, our  neighbors know (and like) each other, it's surprisingly quiet for downtown Oakland, easy to walk anywhere, plenty of restaurants, health & wellness Mecca,  Trader Joe's, Walgreens are 5 blks up on Lakeshore, Lucky's supermarket to the south - Quick way round the corner, 504 Coffee and incredible Pizza.
If you're unfamiliar with our neighborhood, you're in for a treat.  Despite us being in Oakland, our neighborhood is very friendly and safe.
It's the best place to eat in all of Oakland! And it's beautiful!
Lake Merritt - Oakland
Patio looking on the Lake Merritt. Great for walks or runs around. Whole Foods supermarket and Lucky's Supermarket and Walgreens, all 10 min walk. Small cafe and corner grocery shop 1 min walk. Lake Chalet restaurant and bar across street.
The neighborhood is quiet and clean. There is a convenient store, cleaners and a massage therapy places a few steps away on the same street.  If you are a runner or enjoy casual strolls with a great view, you are down the street from Lake Merritt. The Lake has a paved running path and greenery for your viewing pleasure.
You are two blocks away from Lake Merritt and four blocks away from the 12th ST BART. Also within walking distance from The Fox Theatre, Off the Grid Food Truck Event on Fridays, Oakland Museum, Telegraph Ave., Broadway Ave, and countless bars and restaurants.
You have the 3.3 mile Lake Merritt right down the street (an evening walk around the lake is strongly suggested)  There's also a supermarket and a Walgreens a block away from the house And - an amazing pie bakery a few feet away from the house (!!!) If you're down for a Sunday brunch PORTAL thats right next to the pie bakery has one of the best sunday brunch in Oakland (it gets crowded so make reservations)  There's also an amazing Louisiana style seafood place one block away call Rockin Crawfish (it gets crowded too in the evenings)  Overall the neighborhood is just great to hang around if you get bored of San Francisco.