As a life long Oakland resident who has lived everywhere in the city....this is neighorhood is definitely the best.
Best neighborhood in Oakland! we are on a hill between lakeshore shopping district (arizmendi bakery, trader joes, great cafes, restaurants, bars, and yoga studios. Plus small shops selling everything from clothes to household goods) and Grand Lake area (The Grand Lake theater, bottle shops, furniture shops, consignment stores, and more bars and restaurants- including 3 from the Chez Panisse family- Camino and 2 of Charlie Hallowells restaurants; Boot & Shoe and Penrose).  More bars, restaurants, cafes, and shops line Grand avenue around the lake towards downtown, or you can stroll through Lake Merritt's parks and gardens.  Best farmers market in town on Saturdays too!
Grand Lake is a happening neighborhood with many shops, restaurants, bakeries, bars, yoga studios, gyms, spas, grocery stores, wine shops, movie theatre, art studios, banks, post office -- all a 5-10 minute walk away!  10 minute walk to beautiful Lake Merritt with playgrounds, picnic spots, walk/run path.
In addition to the lake which has a lovely 3.2 mile running loop around it, there are incredible restaurants, coffee shops and bars all within walking distance.  My favorites include:  Mijorie Sushi, Boot and Shoe Service, Pen Rose (fancy), Arizmendi Bakery, Peets, Camino (fancy) and Grand Lake Tavern.  Trader Joes and Safeway are also within walking distance.  The Grand Lake Movie Theater is one block away and is a classic part of the Oakland experience.
My rental is within walking distance to everything, including numerous restaurants & shops, Trader Joe's, dry cleaning, and ofcourse beautiful Lake Merritt, which is perfect for walking, running, biking, or a relaxing picnic. The Lake Merritt Farmers Market is every Saturday from 8am-2pm and the historic Grand Lake Theater is located around the corner. Downtown Oakland is also nearby (5min. by car & 30min. on foot) and is a foodie and artist playground. Neighborhood is diverse and full of fun, vibrant and beautiful people!
Oakland is THE place to be! In recent years, Oakland has gained national recognition as a top travel destination. Oakland: was named the top North American city to visit by the NY Times, was given the No. 16 spot in "America's Coolest Cities," by Forbes, took the No. 1 spot in "America's Most Exciting Cities," and placed No. 5 in "America's Most Hipster Cities" (whatever that means)! Come experience Oakland for yourself. You are able to walk to many things to see and do, and all necessities (grocery stores, drug stores, wine shop, dry cleaner, laundry, etc). The Grand Lake area of Oakland is a perfect combination of the old and the new.  It boasts one of the oldest bars/restaurants in the area (since WWII) complete with a live piano sing-along on Friday nights, as well as beautiful architecture, some dating back to the late 1800s. On the other hand, Grand Lake has some of the newest and hippest bars and restaurants that have received national acclaim, and a fantastic farmer's market on
On the top of a hill, the neighborhood is very safe. 3 blocks to Saturday farmer's market, restaurants, Trader Joe's, coffee. 580 ramp also 3 blocks away makes it 20 minutes to SF.
One of the more desirable neighborhoods in Oakland, the Grand Lake area has much to offer. Great restaurants include the open fire cooking by a Chez Panisse alumni at "Camino," tapas at "Penrose" and "Boot and Shoe" (the owner also got his start at Chez Panisse), classic style bistro with a great mixologist--"Sidebar", and a great cornmeal crust pizza at "Star," to name a few. For a great walk or run, you'll find our beautiful Lake Merritt about half a mile south.
Piedmont is a beautiful tree-lined neighborhood where you can walk to most nearby amenities.  An outdoor pool is two blocks - a park for children and dogs is two blocks - excellent bars, restaurants and stores are six blocks away.
Piedmont is a tiny town bordering the Grand Av/Lakeshore section of Oakland.   Piedmont frequently shows up on lists of most desirable places to live in CA because of its beauty, its fabulous schools, its great  ( out of the fog) weather, its parks, its safety, its great Sat. farmers' market and its easy access to local restaurants, movies, independent stores and to SF  ( 15 minutes drive to downtown SF unless the bridge is backed up or 25 minutes by express bus or bus/BART combo).
Quiet street, with lots of sunlight. Just a quick walk away from both Lakeshore and Grand Ave where you can sip cocktails and enjoy tapas at Shakewell, or a wood-fired pizza at Boot & Shoe Service. On Saturdays, enjoy the lovely Lake Merritt farmer's market and you'll find yourself commenting that 'this is where they're hiding all of the sun in the bay!'. Take a stroll or a run around the Lake, and take in the Oakland Hills and downtown cityscape as you make your way around.
Safe and clean.
The Grand/Lake neighborhood is highly walkable, has great restaurants, local bars, and shops.  We will happily recommend our favorites.
The Lake Merritt neighborhood offers everything you need when finding a perfect place to stay in the Bay Area.  You will be walking distance to amazing restaurants and shopping along with grocery stores and the famous Grand Lake Movie Theater.  The Lake is a beautiful place to walk or jog around and is lit by a string of lights in the evening.  Every Saturday there is a big farmers market with delicious food trucks and entertainment. Downtown Oakland is a 5 minute drive away where you will find any cuisine your heart could desire, or go to a show at the Fox Theater or The New Parish.  You can visit San Francisco either on BART or its a short 10 mile drive from my apartment.
The diversified Grand Lake area offers a variety of restaurants, bar, stores and conveniences. Walk or jog around the Lake Merritt. Enjoy many different cultures and foods.
The house is in a quiet, safe, neighborhood and is literally steps from the best neighborhood shopping/entertainment area in the east bay; it features gourmet restaurants, bars, clothing shops, Peet's Coffee, Trader Joe's Market, gourmet pizza (Arizmendi Bakery) and the highly regarded multi-screen Grand Lake Theater, shoe repair, and a variety of services. A five minute walk west takes you to Lake Merritt Park with recently renovated three mile walking and running path around the lake.
The neighborhood has everything you could want, most of it within walking distance, and all within two miles.  Fantastic restaurants, shops, dog parks, kid parks, live entertainment.  
There are great coffee shops, stores and restaurants within a two block walk.
There are plenty of cafes, restaurants and supermarkets to spend your time and money in and they're all within walking distance.
This  Urban Oasis Craftsman Home is located in the heart of Oakland's vibrant Grand Lake /  Lakeshore District, with a walk score of 97! No car needed. A few gems very nearby include the hip coffee shops such as Boot & Shoe, a fabulous cooperative bakery, Arizmendi, great restaurants, an independent bookstore, Walden, the beautiful art deco Grand Lake Theater, and the natural lake, Lake Merritt, where we once had jelly fish come in from the Bay! This is also a child friendly neighborhood with two playgrounds within walking distance, a local library with story hours, and Fairyland at Lake Merritt.
This is a fantastic neighborhood.  It has everything you could want, most of it within walking distance, and all within two miles.  Great restaurants, nightlife, shops, dog parks, kid parks, live concerts and plenty more. Phenomenal hiking and mountain biking five miles away at Joaquin Miller park. Still more at Redwood Regional Park, just a little further away.
This is a very desirable area of Oakland because you can walk to bars, restaurants, groceries, theaters, shopping, kid friendly establishments, gymboree, parks, Lake Merritt and more! Check what you can do in the neighborhood here: (URL HIDDEN)
This is just plain a fantastic neighborhood.  It has everything you could want, most of it within walking distance, and all within two miles.  Great restaurants, nightlife, shops, dog parks, kid parks, live concerts and plenty more. Phenomenal hiking and mountain biking five miles away at Joaquin Miller park. Still more at Redwood Regional Park, just a little further away. A Guidebook I prepared is found at the bottom of this page:  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1232718
Too much to list here.  Literally 50 restaurants within walking distance.  Literally!
Walk 5 minutes to Grand Ave. or 10 minutes to Lakeshore where you'll find the iconic Grand Lake Theater, numerous top high end restaurants in addition to affordable brunch places, Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, Ethiopian, Mexican, and Greek. There's also Starbucks, Pets, Trader Joes, and Safeway. Walk a few minutes further and there's the Farmer's Market on Saturdays and of course beautiful Lake Merritt which is about 3 miles around. There's also unique Oakland boutiques, wine bars, and dive bars. It's the heart of Oakland! Neighboring Piedmont Avenue and Rockeridge are both 5-10 minute drives for more city life. 20 minutes away is Redwood Regional Park, Joaquin Miller Park, and Roberts Regional where you'll find amazing hiking amongst the redwoods and spectacular Bay views. It's a 30 minute drive into San Francisco, and of course there's Napa (website hidden). Tam, and Pt. Reyes for amazing day trips.
Walk to down town, Lake Merritt and marina, Neighborhood Theaters, Restaurants and meeting places w/music and art. Bus and Bart to all Bay Area. (19th street/Broadway Bart is 1.9 miles). Park the car in your space provided. This part of town is very walkable.
Walking distance to the many shops and restaurants on Lakeshore and Grand Avenues (including two recently profiled in the NY Times: Camino and Boot & Shoe Service) as well as the year round Saturday Farmer's Market (9a-2p), Lake Merritt (a popular 5K jog/walk around), the art deco Grand Lake movie theater and the Rose Garden.  
We are close to freeway access and bus lines.  Lakeshore Ave and  Grand Av with excellent restaurants, grocery shopping (Trader Joe's and Safeway), historic Grand Lake movie house, and coffee houses are about a 10 minute walk from our place.  Just beyond the shopping is beautiful Lake Merritt, a great place for walking , jogging or just people watching!
We love our Oakland neighborhood! Sunny, quiet, beautiful.  We are walking distance to the unique Lake Merritt, Saturday's farmer's market, amazing restaurants and cafes on Lakeshore and Grand Avenues.  We are also close to San Francisco,  Berkeley and the Oakland Hills.