"Longfellow Neighborhood" The block is very quiet; lined with trees. Borders with Emeryville. Although surrounding streets can be a little "rough" on the edges; depending on where you're coming from.... The neighborhood is central for Oakland. Close to major freeways and major BART transfer station: MacArthur station. Home to the historic "Oaks Card Club" If you're a poker player you know... 5 min walk to Safeway super market.  Arezmendi Bakery/Cafe (delicious pastries!), Los Cantaros Taqueria, Lane Splitters Pizza, and Miyozen 20 min walk to "Temescal District" where you can find great eateries: Burmese Super Star, Urbano Latino, Tara's Organic Ice Cream, etc, etc, etc.
*Our neighborhood is very central! 2 miles to Berkeley, 2 Miles to downtown Oakland, and Emeryville is across the street. Pixar is about .5 miles away. *Quick walk to delicious bakery, Arizmendi on San Pablo and 43rd. *There's a small park on our street with a jungle gym, small patch of grass and basketball court. *Sunday Farmer's Market at the local Rockridge DMV. Great food and great people watching! 2 miles to downtown Oakland where you can find great restaurants and bars.
- One block from BART = 20 Minutes to SF and 8 Minutes to both downtown Oakland and Berkeley.   - 1 block from Telegraph and the heart of the Temescal District of Oakland = Great coffee shops, bars, restaurants and unique shopping.
Centrally located and extremely safe to walk at night. Close to UC Berkeley Campus. Beautiful walk to Emeryville Marina with up close view of Bay Bridge and Gold Gate Bridge. Beautiful well kept homes on the block neighbors are friendly and welcoming.  Two houses from a park and across the street from a full basketball court. Landscaped front yard and huge backyard. Backyard great for studying, lounging and entertaining.  Walking distance to shopping, fine dinning and entertainment.  Shopping catch the Free Emery Go Around to Bay Street shopping includes, Old Navy H&M, Bananna Republic, Coach, Forever 21, Fossil.  Sees candy, Ice Creamery. Sophoria!  Across the street more shopping Ross and Marshalls, Men's Warehouse, DB shoes, Sprint, Metro PCS Trader Joes.  Dinning Elephant Bar, P.F Chang's California Pizza Kitchen, Fuddruckers, Pasta Pomodoro Chevy's  Entertainment AMC movie theatre Broken Rack billiards. Two blocks to Bank of America Pak n Save, Home depot, Michael's  CVS Wing Stop
Close to everything - SF, BART, UC Berkeley, great restaurants, etc.
Come enjoy a stay in the up and coming Longfellow neighborhood of Oakland. Located at the crossroads of 3 popular East Bay towns: Oakland, Emeryville and Berkeley. Situated in Oakland's vibrant and even trendy Temescal District, you'll enjoy great restuarants & cafes such as Dona Tomas, Pizzaiolo, and Bake Sale Betty's. Yumm!  Also just a hop's distance to Oakland's Downtown and Uptown districts for even more food and entertainment options both daytime and night. 
Culturally diverse, mixed income, transitional neighborhood with a vibe mix of old school with hipsters. Easy access to MacArthur BART, key bus lines, close to hip restaurants and cafes.
Great location, friendly, low key neighborhood within walking distance to public transit, award winning bakery and pizza, great taqueria, pubs, grocery & box stores, free shuttle to Trader Joe's, movie theatres, upscale shopping street.
Great location, friendly, low key neighborhood within walking distance to transit, award winning bakery and pizza, great taqueria.  Grocery and box stores.  Free shuttle to Trader Joe's, movie theaters and upscale shopping street.
Here in Temescal, the neighborhood is full of friends, cool places to shop or hang out, and offers some of the best eats in town. Dona Thomas, Pizzaiolo, and Burma Superstar to name a few.  There are no big box stores here, but there is a shuttle into nearby Emeryville, which has everything from Ikea to the Apple Store. This is in a very urban city area with lots of street life and great neighbors, and is extremely accessible.
I have lived in Longfellow for 15 years, and I love it!  It is close to San Francisco, downtown Oakland, and downtown Berkeley.  Temescal and Telegraph Ave. restaurants, bars, and shops are only a short walk away.  This diverse, traditionally working-class neighborhood is going through a major transformation, and currently you might find a liquor store adjacent to an upscale eatery.  It is an urban neighborhood, with colorful characters. I know many people are here to visit San Francisco, but you could easily spend your entire vacation here in Oakland!  Please ask me for local recommendations.
It is a mix of hip and old school charm. It is conveniently located to public transit, bars and tasty restaurants.
It's a transitional neighborhood but I've always felt safe and have never had an incident.  We are in a cul de sac, so it's low traffic and very quiet.  
It's rad, fab, friendly, safe, easy to walk around and close to everything. Say hello to neighbors, they will respond!
Located perfect for anyone travelling to sf without paying the SF prices. If you have a car, on a normal day, not rush hour,  you'll be in sf in 20 minutes. If you decide public transportation is the way to go, which i think is the best way, BART, or the Bay AREA Rapid Transport, basically a subway, will take you to sf in 25 minutes. The closest station is the MacArthur station. It is a 10 minute walk, about 4 blocks. very close. The bus also goes to SF, the F bus, which is on the corner of 40th and San Pablo. Food is north down San Pablo Ave. My favorite Mexican Restaurant Los Cantaros is a must. There's also a shopping center with Safeway, Starbucks, Taco Bell, Panda, and many more store.
Longfellow is between Temescal and Emeryville in North Oakland with easy access to the freeways and BART. It's a nice mellow neighborhood that is rapidly changing and conveniently located to get you to the things you want to do: the delicious restaurants of Oakland are withing walking distance, SF is a short train ride away, Berkeley is just up the street. Marin, Napa Valley, Sonoma, and Santa Cruz are easily accessible by car.
My house is located in a wonderfully diverse, transitional, up-and-coming neighborhood in North Oakland called Longfellow. This neighborhood is super hip. It's close to everything, has great weather, and an awesome culture, art, and food scene. No car needed; we're a short walk to transit, shops, and places to eat. I also have a bike you can use. I know all my neighbors and we often have potlucks, bike rides, BBQ's and other fun, community events. As in any urban area, always be conscious of your surroundings at all times.  You'll see it ALL in Oakland - hipsters cruising down the bike path, a guy pushing a shopping cart filled with bottles and cans, a tricked out car with fancy-ass rims blasting hip hop, the friendly neighbor who's lived here for 40 years walking her dog. Welcome to the 'hood!
Our neighborhood is eclectic and accessible to a wide range of trending restaurants, shops, coffee shops, wineries, ferries, breweries, music venues and trails for hiking. We live in an area known as Longfellow. The neighborhood is named after Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, the famous poet born in 1807. Our neighborhood is close to what has become to be known as Oakland's Gourmet Ghetto with amazing restaurants, coffee shops and stores. The great news is that you can rent bikes close by or drive a short distance to the Emeryville Harbor, Jack London Square, or Berkeley. Berkeley Bowl, the most amazing supermarket, is right up the street for you to grab food to go or stuff to make food at our place.
Our neighborhood is safe and conveniently located. There is plenty of free parking. There are bars, dozens of coffee places and restaurants within walking distance or a short drive. Vegan, Sushi, Korean, Ethiopian, Indian, Vietnamese, Chinese, pizza, Italian, Mexican, Southern style, a diner, fast food, trendy Hipster, upscale California Cuisine and even a Michelin stared restaurant called Commis.
Our neighborhood just a few minutes drive from Temescal, which is a cool area with restaurants and cafes; Piedmont Ave. and Berkeley are only a few minutes drive away, both, which have awesome food and bars. Emeryville is one block behind us, so you can shop all you like.  There are many farmers' markets in the area, with those largest and closest on the weekend. We are a 15 minute walk from two parks/playgrounds and close to Kaiser Hospital. This area is ideal for cycling and offers many scenic routes.  Our home is very well located and you can access almost anything your heart desires with ease. You can walk two blocks to a coffee house and a few more blocks to great restaurants. And you can drive 15 minutes to amazing hikes in the hills of Oakland.  Oakland is such a great place to stay if you are visiting the Bay Area because you get to experience its unique and chill culture, while having a well-located base for venturing around.
Over 100 restaurants are within a 2 mile radius, Korean, Ethiopian, sushi, pizza, Mexican, everything from fast food to Michelin stared. Vibrant Hipster and arty part of Oakland with a high walking score. Oakland is an interesting urban environment, with it's share of the homeless, this can feel uncomfortable for some people however we have lived here 15 years and feel comfortable. Our street has always been safe.  The whole Bay Area is accessible from here! There are yoga, dance and Pilates studios nearby as well.  Our house is just 4 blocks from Bart (subway) you can be in downtown San Fransisco in twenty minutes, downtown Oakland or Berkeley in ten minutes. The Wine Country (Napa and Sonoma) the Redwoods, Silicon Valley are all accessible day trips.
Over 100 restaurants are within a 2 mile radius, Korean, Ethiopian, sushi, pizza, Mexican, everything from fast food to Michelin stared. Vibrant Hipster and arty part of Oakland with a high walking score. Oakland is an interesting urban environment, with it's share of the homeless, this can feel uncomfortable for some people however we have lived here 15 years and love it. Our street has always been safe. Easy parking, free and unrestricted, except for twice monthly street cleaning. The whole Bay Area is accessible from here! There are yoga, dance and Pilates studios nearby as well exciting murals and street art.  Our house is just 4 blocks from Bart (subway) you can be in downtown San Fransisco in twenty minutes, downtown Oakland or Berkeley in ten minutes. The Wine Country (Napa and Sonoma) the Redwoods, Silicon Valley are all accessible day trips.
Quiet residential area, close to shops and Lower Temescal. Conveniently located in between Berkeley and Downtown Oakland, at intersection with Emeryville. Mall with IKEA, Movies, Safeway, Target, Home Depot easy walk or free bus ride. Walk to Temescal or Emeryville cafes, restaurants and new eating, fancy beer hotspots on 40th near MLK and Broadway, hot jazz spot Birdland.
Temescal is the heart of a culturally-thriving neighborhood. Transitional neighborhood with a vibe mix of old school with hipsters. If you love good food, eclectic/artisan local shops, and a vibrant cafe culture, you'll love spending time in Temescal.
The Longfellow neighborhood of North Oakland is located at the geographical center of the Bay Area just a couple miles from the Bay Bridge. We have Berkeley a few miles up the road, Emeryville at the end of our block, and downtown Oakland and SF just minutes away. MacArthur BART is about five blocks away. We love the location, diversity and especially our neighbors!
The Longfellow neighborhood of Oakland is surrounded by bike lanes, coffee shops and historic businesses.  It's very sunny during the summer and easy to navigate via public transportation.  If you get bored of this vibrant area, however, San Francisco is only 20 minutes away and Berkeley, only 10.  Lake Merritt is also only 2 BART stops away. You can walk two blocks to Telegraph, which is full of delicious food--Burma Superstar, Tofu House, Korean, Vietnamese and even Jack-in-the-Box and McDonalds.   
The apartment is close to Temescal where there are lots of popular restaurants, such as Aunt Mary's, Pizzaiolo, Burmese Superstar and Betty's Kitchen. Cafe Dejena is only a block away.  There is a laundrymat on Apgar St. or two blocks from the apartment. The working-class neighborhood is going through a major transformation as more families and San Franciscans moving into the area for its convenient location and the opportunity to renovate old houses.
There is a restaurant and bar directly downstairs from my apartment.  Try the pizza or Ehthiopian food!
This is a residential neighborhood, fairly quiet. House is just off 40th Street so some traffic noise.
This is a vibrant hipster neighborhood with a high walking score, dozens of ethnic, one Vegan and many fine dining restaurants and bars within a mile or two of our house. Everything from fast food to a Michelin stared restaurant that often has last minute weeknight reservations . There are yoga and Pilates studios nearby as well. 4 blocks from Bart (subway) you can be in downtown San Fransisco in twenty minutes, downtown Oakland or Berkeley in ten minutes.
This is the bay area's most desirable neighborhood!  Fantastic restaurants, galleries, and boutiques of all types abound.  You would be in the epicenter of culture, easy access to UC Berkeley, Downtown Oakland and Berkeley, and only minutes away form rapid public transport to San Francisco. Also, we're at the crossroads of all major freeways.  Since we're in the flat area of Oakland, it's perfect for bicycling to about anything you'd like to visit on two wheels.
We are in the Longfellow neighborhood of Oakland in what is also called NOBE area (North Oakland Berkeley Emeryville).   We are just 2 blocks from a Safeway grocery store, and a few short walk to all kinds of cafes, food, and shopping.  There's a giant mix of diversity on our block and Oakland in general.  If you like and have time, we will be glad to show around.  
We live in a funny little intersection between North Oakland, West Oakland, and Emeryville. Technically, it's the Longfellow Neighborhood. It's not the most glamorous neighborhood, but it's centrally located and our place is in a relatively quiet backyard off the street.
We love our neighborhood.  We're a short walk to the Temescal neighborhood's great restaurants and shops.  We've put together a guide for guests to our favorite spots.