-Maxwell Park is a gem! Located in East Oakland and full of diversity. The streets are lined with trees, neighbors are friendly, and neighborhood is safe. The weather is usually 5-10 degrees warmer and sunnier than San Francisco (21 min BART ride). The neighborhood park, Maxwell Park, is only one block away. There is a private neighborhood patrol and everyone looks out for one another.
-Maxwell Park is a gem! Located in East Oakland and full of diversity. The streets are lined with trees, neighbors are friendly, and neighborhood is safe. The weather is usually 5-10 degrees warmer and sunnier than San Francisco (25 min away). The neighborhood park, Maxwell Park, is only one block away. There is private neighborhood patrol and everyone looks out for one another.  -Local shopping: gym, yoga studio, restaurants (American, Vietnamese, Nigerian, and Mexican), Walgreens, & grocery stores.
Maxwell Park is a beautiful hilly neighborhood filled with California Bungalows and Mediterranean style homes, many built in the 1920s. These homes of filled with original craftsmanship like hard wood floors, built-ins, and other old-school charm. There are lovely views of air traffic arriving and departing over the Bay, and fireworks can sometimes be seen over the Coliseum following A's/Raider/Warrior games. Conveniently located close to Mill's College, the Oracle Arena, downtown, Lake Merritt, and the Oakland International Airport, Maxwell Park is very diverse and integrated--one of the things we love most about Oakland. You'll be pleasantly surprised and feel right at home away from home.
Maxwell Park is an upscale, quiet neighborhood near Mills College.
Our neighborhood is very family-friendly, and is very safe.  We have a private patrol that helps to keep the peace, and generally have very good relations with neighbors, so everyone watches out for everyone else.  Nearby are a number of parks for a nice stroll or lunch in the park, and also Mills College, where you can swim to escape the heat, attend a community event or follow a trail around campus.   There are a number of local shops for all hobbies and interests, including: gyms/ yoga studios, restaurants (Mexican, Nigerian, Chinese, American, fast food, etc.), grocery stores, bookstores, fashion boutiques, etc.  Also, we are close to a number of local swap meets, which are outdoor bargain markets with limitless options for whatever you may need! We are also close by the O.co arena and Coliseum, home of the National Champions, the Warriors, and the baseball team, the A's.
The neighborhood is quiet and convenient to public transportation.  Mills College is across the street.  Its aquatic center for lap swimming is open to the public.  Grocery store and restaurants within walking distance.  Close to East Bay regional parks, with many hiking trails.  10 minutes by car to Lake Merritt and downtown Oakland.  15 minutes by car to San Francisco.
The neighborhood is quiet and has a nice view of the Oakland Hills and a little bit of a view of San Francisco. It's pretty safe but does have some petty crime. There are some good restaurants and coffee shops up on MacArthur. The Sequoia Diner is awesome for breakfast and World Grounds is a decent coffee shop. Dicks donuts on High is also awesome if you like donuts.
The neighborhood is up on the hill which provides a much more family friendly and safe vibe than that of the rest of high street. It is very close to the 580, but not close enough to hear or see. You can hop on the 580 and easily get to Fruitvale, Lake Merritt, Berkeley or Emeryville. San Francisco is about a 15 minute drive without traffic.
beautiful maxwell park.