Food - There's such a diversity of food options here, and Hopscotch, FuseBox, Kingston 11, Brown Sugar Kitchen, and Firebrand Bakery are all close by. I'm happy to make recommendations for all sorts of hidden gems, too! Drink - From dive bars, to microbreweries, to wine bars, to juice bars, to cocktail bars, Oakland has you covered! Whatever you do, don't forget to have a greyhound at Cafe Van Kleef. Activities - What can't you do in this neighborhood? You can see performances at the Fox and Paramount theaters, go rock climbing at the Great Western Power Company, stroll or jog along Lake Merritt, tour the St George Spirits distillery (in Alameda), be part of the scene every first Friday of the month for Art Murmur, visit the Oakland Museum to learn about the history and geography of California, go shopping at local boutiques, or watch a movie at the New Parkway.
Grand Lake Merritt - just minutes away from downtown historic Oakland!
I live in a great neighborhood. A lot of the people who have lived here for some time have been here for generations. And as many have heard or directly experienced, West Oakland is going through a lot of intense gentrification and changes. This said, whatever negative things you might have heard about West Oakland most likely isn't the case about what I have directly experienced. In addition, this is a neighborhood with lots of homes on the Adeline side and more industry including recycling on the Peralta side. The Peralta side have a fair population of houseless neighbors who are all extremely friendly, hard working and welcome members.
I love the access to San Francisco and access to Downtown Oakland
Just two blocks from the Transbay Bus to San Francisco. Walking distance to Bart, Downtown Oakland, restaurants, cafes, and shopping
The neighborhood is mostly industrious and you'll want a car to get around but there are bus routes nearby. Parking on the street is easy-peasy and you're almost certain to be able to see your vehicle from the window. I've never had a problem with parking or with the safety of my vehicle here and you shouldn't either.
The vibrant Downtown Oakland is just a few minutes walk from your doorstep.  With a verity of dining options, bars, shops, the historic Fox Theatre, and the Paramount movie theatre there is bound to be something in the neighborhood that suits your fancy.
This neighborhood is a mix of cultures, all walks of life and diverse people. I have lived here for 3 1/2 years and enjoy the majority of my neighbors, we bbq and catch up. And the location is so central. The new Starline bar blocks away, Fauna bar, tons of great place to eat.
Up and coming area 3 blocks from downtown Oakland. It's centrally located. It is culturally diverse.
Up and coming location in Oakland. Excellent for those with or without a car.  3 blocks from downtown Oakland. 8 min drive to SF. 15 min transit ride to SF. Extremely close to SF or Southbay! Excellent opportunity to spend a few months working on your app or startup!
We are right in the middle of where ever you want to get to in the area! We have parking & a security guard that patrols Friday's & Saturday's to ensure comfort of tenants. Such a comfortable space in a thriving, transitioning & cultural neighborhood.
We are well situated, in Oakland/Emeryville - we are technically in Emeryville, close to Oakand and Berkeley and 15 mins to DT San Francisco. Closest Bart stations are MacArthur and West Oakland