Beautiful quiet neighborhood in the Oakland Hills...but not too far up. One mile from the heart of cute and tiny Montclair Village.
Close to Montclair Village  Shopping: •Montclair Village is very close and has two large supermarkets and two pharmacies as well as several cafes and restaurants. Also post Office, library, toy store, cheese shop, etc. •Lucky's Market in the heart of the village 1963 Mountain Blvd, Oakland, CA 94611
I love that we live in a town that's busy and hectic yet our neighborhood and home is peaceful and one with nature. Neighbors nature cameras have captured photos of Bobcats and Mountain Lions(but we've not encountered them!), and raccoons, foxes and possums and turkeys and owls. Great Super Bowl Destination Area!
Montclair is a charming neighborhood nestled in the woodsy hills of Oakland. We have our very own nursery that specializes in Japanese maple trees. The nearby Montclair Village has two grocery stores, restaurants, coffee houses, specialty shops, and a farmers market every Sunday. From my home there is easy access to highways 13, 24, and 580. It takes approximately 15 minutes in travel time to get to UC Berkeley, Mills College, CCA, the Temescal district, Lake Temescal and Park, Lake Merritt, Chabot Space and Science Center, hiking and biking trails, farmers markets, The Oakland Museum, Fox Theater, Paramount Theater, The Oakland Arena & Coliseum, downtown Oakland, and Rockridge BART.  Approximately 30 minutes to Oakland International Airport, downtown San Francisco.  *In 2012 The New York Times listed Oakland #5 among 45 places to visit across the globe.  *Lonely Planet named Oakland in its list of top ten travel destinations for 2015. Destinations were selected by Lonely Planet's US-b
Montclair is a quaint little village located in the Oakland Hills. It was known as a summering cottage area back in the mid century. This house was one of the first summer cottages built for the use of ritzy vacationers back in the day. It's charm and safety are a draw to many people, and houses here are not often available for purchase or rent.
Montclair.  Love the views, easy access to the "village" for shopping, farmers market, restaurants.  Close to the east bay park system with miles of hiking/biking trails.  Easy access to UC Berkeley.
Near Montclair village where you can enjoy the Sunday Farmer's Market and small shops, restaurants, and grocery stores.
No traffic as the unit is on a dead end street.  Mixed neighborhood of families and singles, young and old.  Just a short ride to Sibley Park and Huckleberry Preserve for walks in East Bay Parks.
Our neighborhood is a slice of urban heaven! We have the friendliest neighbors and are surrounded by beautiful nature. You could go jogging at midnight (if you so desired) and feel completely safe. There's a stream that flows down Pinehaven Road, and people in our neighborhood do urban farming. There are chickens, goats, and bees.  All that being said, we still live in Oakland, a vibrant but sometimes dangerous city, and street-smarts are just as important in Montclair & Forestland as they are in the inner city. Many thefts (mostly crimes of opportunity) have been reported in the area, especially because Montclair is sometimes targeted as an affluent area. It's very important to lock you vehicle, and to store any bikes and expensive equipment you may be traveling with. We are more than happy to provide you extra storage space free of charge, but the apartment does have a storage closet. 
Our neighborhood is very safe, secure and populated by many hillside homes and cottages, many of which offer fantastic views. The neighborhood is serene and quiet yet close to Montclair Village where one can partake in the many fine restaurants and bistros as well as deli and grocery stores, cafe houses, yogurt shops. We are just minutes from BART and freeways.
Parks, nature, weather, access to freeways and public transportation, access to hip areas.
Quiet, private street located in the Oakland Hills with gorgeous view of the Bay and Golden Gate Bridges.
Quiet, woodsy, Oakland hills location with easy access to all the richness and diversity that the San Francisco Bay Area has to offer
Rich in history and lush with greenery, the neighborhood truly is like Snow White's forest - with wild deer, turkeys, owls, squirrels, bluejays, and tons of unique flowers blooming all throughout the year.  This is the oldest part of the Oakland Hills - it survived the big wildfire in '92 and feels like another world.  It is groovy, rural, friendly, and super lush.  Think Middle Earth meets Narnia.   
The Montclair District of Oakland is unique with its wooded neighborhoods and hills. Many of the homes offer stupendous views of the surroundings. You are in nature and if you enjoy wildlife , this is the place to relax. Deer traverse the property, a variety of birds fly overhead, squirrels gather acorns. There are also a variety of trees on the site and in the neighborhood.
The neighborhood is in a forested setting. The top of our street has sweeping views of the entire bay, including SF, Mt Tamalpais, Berkeley, and Oakland. We often walk there to watch the sunset.
This is consider the "Oakland hills" but this house is only a few turns in the road up and not high up in the hills.  You can enjoy neighborhood walks at any time.   It is also an easy place to have a bicycle.  You could  bring a bike or kayak and easily store it outside on the property.  It is very safe and secure here in this neighborhood.  I have lived here for over 30 years and know my neighbors well.     The quaint town of Montclair is just a few minutes away.  It has coffee shops, grocery stores, post office, library, good restaurants and another bus stop with great connections.  Piedmont Avenue with great restaurants and the Temescal neighborhood are both about 10 min away.   You can also reach downtown Oakland  in 10 min if there is no traffic on the freeway.     Temescal park is also just minutes away for it has an entrance just yards from the freeway entrance down the hill from the house.   Other East Bay Regional Parks are also very close by.
This neighborhood is one of the most scenic and quietly reserved the bay area has to offer. Sweeping views of the valley and gorgeous surroundings combine to make this stay magical. Whether it be the wild turkeys squawking about, dear battling the steep terrain, or endless bird watching, this studio retreat is one of a kind. It doesn't get much better than this. 