Beauty's Bagels: Montreal Bagels featuring all the best of California. Usually packed but worth the wait!  Pizzailo: A great upscale pizzeria with fabulous cocktails and thin crust pizzas. The best ambiance. Summer movie screenings in the backyard.  Dona Tomas: Next door to Pizzaiolo. Great patio, Margaritas, and traditional Mexican food.  Cholita Linda: Mexican spot--go for the steak sandwich, unreal!  Temescal Alley: Stroll through this alley to discover boutique jewelry and clothes, local ice cream, apothecary goods and more succulents than you'll know what to do with.  King Fish: Local Dive Bar, has been around for about 100 years. Shuffleboard and popcorn are great perks!  The Avenue: Dive bar, excellent decor, great staff, strong drinks.
Great location with easy access to fantastic restaurants, Berkeley, Oakland and the city. 
I love the great coffee shops and bakeries right around the corner.  There is an awesome yoga studio four blocks away and many great restaurants including fish tacos, mac and cheese, beer/sausage garden, korean, japanese, to high end fancy within walking distance.  The commute to downtown SF or Berkeley is a piece of cake.  It's still Oakland, so the feel is urban and slightly gritty, but my street is quiet. Napa and Sonoma wine country is a one hour drive north, and there are great walks in the Oakland and Berkeley hills nearby.
It doesn't get better for convenience and location. We are one block from MacArthur BART. There is a fantastic Eritrean cafe on MLK and 40th called Cafe Dejena and the best bagel shop in town, Beauty's Bagels, is a block away. Mosswood park has a playground and a huge field for running around or a picnic in the sun.  A 10 minute walk north will bring you to  Flying Yoga Studios (they offer a great first timer package!), Arbor cafe, a host of restaurants from all over the globe, and Temescal Alley. There's a farmers market on Sundays just a few more blocks further north. Piedmont Avenue is also a 15-20 minute walk away. Rockridge is one train stop away.
Located in the Temescal neighborhood which is part of the vibrant Oakland arts scene. Temescal is know for it's walkability, friendly residents, restaurants and shops. Temescal is one of the most wonderful neighborhoods in the East Bay.
Location is perfect for bikers and walkers, and fine for drivers too, who love the East Bay's cozy cafes and independent bookshops.   * 2 blocks from Temescal district - tons of hipster restaurants, cheap pizza, fun games shops, bike stores, you name it.  * 1 block from the best bagels in the East Bay (Beauty's Bagels) * 6 blocks from restaurants, boutique shopping and a gourmet  grocery store on Piedmont Ave * Trader Joes, Safeway, Walgreens, CVS, etc etc all within a $10 uber or short bike ride * Famers' markets on Saturday morning at LakeShore/Grand Ave; Sunday morning at Claremont Ave DMV.
Perfect location for those who want to visit San Francisco but stay in vibrant,   more diverse and less expensive Oakland. You're less than a 5 minute walk from MacArthur BART. There's a train every 8 minutes and the ride to Embarcadero in SF is 16 minutes. You are a 5 minute walk from the Temescal neighborhood (Restaurants, cafes, etc.) and 10 minute drive or BART ride to Lake Merritt for a lovely 3 mile walk around the lake with many locals, great Farmers' Market on Saturdays.
Piedmont is walking distance. You'll find spas, sushi, fancy grocery stores, and drinks. (There's actually more great restaurant options. I prefer the sushi!)  Whole Foods is also a little walk down the street. It's close enough to bring bags back on foot.  Not much further is Lake Merritt. You'll see people picnicking and running around the 3.1 miles of lakeside.  
Temescal rocks.  Beauty's Bagels and Mama Royal's are both great breakfast options just a few blocks away.
The area is filling up with some of the most popular and delicious restaurants in town. There's a nice park and sports fields two blocks away. Feel free to ask for suggestions!
The location is awesome!  The neighborhood is called Temescal, but it's only 3 streets from Piedmont Ave and 10 blocks from the Rockridge neighborhood.  Mosswood Park is only 1 1/2 blocks away.  Safeway, Whole Foods, Grocery Outlet, and Spouts are all within 10 blocks as well.  Lake Merritt is only 12 blocks away...great bike ride!
This is Oakland and not an affluent McMansion & elm-lined street with white picket-fences, if that's what you need for security then don't stay here. Some of our female friends feel uncomfortable walking alone at night, while most have no reservations about it. This is a mostly residential neighborhood but with some scattered commercial/industrial stuff, and a few shops, restaurants, and a BART station within a quick walking distance. Again, the low, steady hum of the freeway is in the background. We've never had any safety or security problems and neither have our guests.
We're just off the southern edge of Temescal. The neighborhood is fantastic!  The area is full of eateries (Pizzaiolo, Grange Hall, Aunt Mary's, Hog's Apothecary, Homeroom, and an assortment of Korean, Japanese, and Ethiopian places) and cafés (Underwood, the Blue Bottle flagship, Sub Rosa, Arbor.)  There's a lively atmosphere and all of Oakland's events and venues--Art Murmur, farmers' markets, and the Fox and Paramount theaters--are within easy reach. We're by one of the more convenient BART stations for travel to San Francisco. The fantastic East Bay Regional Parks District (miles of hiking in the hills) are a short drive (or an athletic bike ride) away.  The Piedmont Avenue neighborhood, which has a supermarket, a movie theater, and lots of dining as well as some retail, is walkable, and Rockridge is also within reach (it's a longer but pleasant walk.)  Day trips to the north include Napa, Marin, and Sonoma. To the south, Santa Cruz, Pescadero, and Monterey are all accessible.
Within a few blocks are the following awesome things: Sub Rosa Coffee, Record Store, Homeroom Mac & Cheese, Manifesto Bikes, Hog's Apothecary, Ethiopian food, Mosswood Park, the MacArthur BART station. Within a handful more blocks are the more awesome things: Blue Bottle coffee in the WC Morris Building, , Mama's Cafe, Korean Food, Burma Superstar (!!), Fancy Ice Cream, Thrift Stores, Also everything in the bay seems pretty close/accessible this close to the public transportation hub. Just sayin'.