15mns driving to San Francisco, 5 mns walking to Bart (12th Station), convention center, old downtown Oakland and Jack London Square. The location is great!
Dining-There are so many options! I am happy to provide recommendations, but a great place to try multiple times is Swans. Located just two blocks from 901 Jefferson, they have 5 eateries and libations to go around.  Many establishments around the neighborhood offer happy hours beginning as early as 3 p.m. Area Amenities- Jack London Square—fun dining on the waterfront with bowling, bocce ball, farmer's markets on Sunday mornings, a movie theatre, and some shopping. Farmers Market on Friday mornings near Swans Market as well as on Saturday morning near the lake (and Jack London Square on Sunday). The Hive at Broadway and 23rd has a barber shop, bakeries, restaurants and more. Check it out! Groceries: Smart and Final at corner of 9 th and broadway; Whole Foods at 24 thand Harrison (230 Bay Place).
Jack London Square is BLOWING. UP. Lots of bars, restaurants, and shops popping up left and right, with all kinds of options. Our apartment is walking distance from the HQs of three top Bay Area coffee shops, the best beer bar in the Bay, and my personal favorite brunch spots.
Located in the center of Oakland
Old Oakland is a wonderful neighborhood, full of restaurants, bars, and shopping of all types.  You're a five minute walk from the 12th Street BART station (and only 25 minute total from downtown San Francisco), a 10 minute walk to Jack London Square and the Oakland waterfront, and a seven minute walk from Oakland Chinatown.  
The best feature about our condo is the location. We are conveniently situated in the heart of downtown Oakland, one of the safe neighborhoods where many young people and families reside.
Walk to everything. Free shuttle to BART and Uptown. Blue Bottle Coffee next door . Sunday Farmer's market. Gorgeous waterside park for walking, biking, dog walking. Heinhold's Historic Bar. Local restaurants. What is not to love?