Neighborhood is quiet and rustic.
Our home is on a tree-lined street in a highly desirable neighborhood in the East Bay with plenty of outdoor space (parks, hiking trails, etc.) for you to enjoy.  You get the best of both worlds here -- quiet, calm, beautiful homes and easy, quick access to gourmet restaurants, boutique shopping, and walking distance to beautiful Lake Merritt.
Piedmont is a safe, family-friendly neighborhood just outside San Francisco. Beautiful Dracena Park is 1 block away and is great for kids with climbing structures and plenty of grass for play.  A few blocks more and you have diverse restaurants, cafes, and bars that range from the affordable to a michelin star. Piedmont includes multiple tennis courts, town pool, and is minutes to golf, farmer's markets, Lake Merritt and many beautiful hiking trails.  
Piedmont is a small 100-year old city located in the Oakland hills. It is the most affluent city in the inner East Bay, and the city prides itself for being a quiet and safe neighborhood where children can comfortably play outside.  Piedmont is within a five minute drive to all the great restaurants along Piedmont Ave, Grand Ave, and Lakeshore Ave. The new hip bars and restaurants along Broadway and in the Temescal neighborhood are equally close by. College Avenue is 10 minutes away and you can get to UC Berkeley in 14 minutes. Most importantly, there is easy access to the highway, and you can drive to San Francisco in less that 20 minutes, honestly! (w/o traffic).   Its been rumored that Oakland is the Brooklyn of the west coast, and we'd have to agree. You will be surrounded by innovative restaurants, cafes, and bars that range from the affordable to the posh. Every ethnic cuisine is represented, although Zachary's Pizza reigns supreme. Your visit to our home will not be complete unl
Piedmont is a small town nestled in the East Bay hills.  It is largely residential with tree-lined streets and lovely parks.
Piedmont is a small, beautifully landscaped city in the east bay of San Francisco with its own school, police and fire department. It's in the "banana belt" of the Bay Area, meaning the weather is spectacular on most days: Blue blue skies, sun, soft breeze. No air conditioning necessary as it's provided free of charge by the in coming fog at night which burns off during most days. Piedmont is a safe community with many public parks and our home is a very short walk from the most beautiful of them: Piedmont Park, a wooded setting with paths, a stream, playground, and Japanese Tea house. Piedmont is known for its trees and every street has its own type of tree chosen especially for the location.
Safe, nature setting in an urban hip environment
Safe. Lots to do.  
This is a beautiful super safe residential neighborhood filled with historic homes walking distance to vibrant urban neighborhoods with cuisine from around the world, a gourmet ghetto of boutiques, a landmark historic cinema, farmer's markets and a gorgeous urban lake. Just a couple of walkable blocks to a charming grocery/cafe/ice cream shop, an outdoor pool, park and banks.
Very safe, peaceful, elegant neighborhood with beautiful homes and gardens. Very close to SF either via public transportation or car.