A short walk to Uptown Oakland and the nearby BART stations.  You'll find plenty of bars, restaurants, and grocery stores within a 10 minute walk of the apartment.  Very easy to get into San Francisco and back out to Oakland.
Oakland is awesome and always opening new fun spots. One of my favorites is the beer garden on telegraph. You can easily walk there! Oakland is diverse,  laid back and open minded. Its a great location for exploring surrounding cities in the wonderful Bay Area!
The neighborhood is up and coming, situated between downtown Oakland and Berkeley. Within a few blocks are numerous restaurants, coffee shops with wi-fi, bars, a halal market, and public transportation.   Downtown Oakland is a vibrant area with music, night life, delicious restaurants and a thriving art scene. We recommend Burma Superstar for dining and visiting the New Parkway Theater for watching particular movies in a comfy couch while being served food. Also Lane Splitter is fantastic for a good pizza and the Scottish pub down the street has amazing beers and a great lamb pie.   Going west from the house is a little rough but east along Telegraph Ave is a great street all the way north to Berkeley and south to downtown Oakland.
This area of Oakland if filled with diversity and creativity. We live north of downtown Telegraph, walking distance to The Fox, Dogwood, The New Parish, and First Fridays. Downtown there are a number of young galleries, venues and shops to check out.  Sprouts, Whole Foods and small cornerstore groceries are all in walking distance. Lake Merritt is a 25 minute walk away. We love our neighbors, they range from cool cats in their twenties to families from Ethiopia. It's one of our favorite aspects of our home and why we feel we would never want to live anywhere else in the bay! We are also close to a number of medical facilities, massage, acupuncture, chiropractors and yoga studios. At the end of our street is a fantastic masseuse and chiropractor I go to often and can give a refer for a discount if you're needing it after a  long travel trip ; )
Very centrally located- super convenient! Walking distance to downtown Oakland, Temescal and Piedmont Ave (tons of bars/restaurants/nightlife/cool shops). Pretty close to Lake Merritt/Grand Ave/Lakeshore Ave (more of the same). There's also a cute park about 5 minute's walk away and a Walgreens down the street!
Walk to BART (10-12 min), easy access to busses and San Francisco. We're a very short walk to downtown Oakland and Lake Merritt. Free parking available nearby almost all the time, though you may have to park and walk a block if you arrive around lunchtime (12pm).
We are in KONO, on Telegraph Avenue.  North of Uptown and south of Temescal.  There are all sorts of stores and restaurants within a 20 minute walk or less.  There are a few grocery stores, lots of cool bars, and laundry is a short car ride.  The neighborhood is mixed, if you head west (towards West Oakland) it can be a little dicey at times.  East is medical offices and Piedmont Ave which is a nice stroll.  North and south of here are both sort of trendy hipster neighborhoods about 15 minutes in either direction.
We live centrally in Oakland, walking distance to downtown, North Oakland, Lake Merritt, and many attractions and amenities. Local BART (subway) stations are about a 15 minute walk, and local buses stop one block away. We're close to Summit Hospital, Alta Bates, and Oakland Kaiser. You can walk to Whole Foods, Grocery Outlet (a discount grocer), and several smaller markets. We live close to many bars and restaurants, including Commonwealth, and theaters like the Paramount, Fox, and New Parkway.