Close to restaurants and the new hip Uptown. 5 blocks to the Fox and Paramount theatres, and 19th Street Bart station.  Close to Jack London Square and Temescal area.
Great downtown Oakland location. Walking distance to bus and BART (19th Street).  Easy access to Highways 580, 880, and 980. Just one exit from San Francisco.
Great downtown Oakland location. Walking distance to bus, BART, Lake Merritt, Starbucks, restaurants, cafes and shopping.
Our neighborhood micro-climate is known as the SF banana belt; we get more sunshine in the afternoons than we know what to do with, and we're normally ten degrees warmer than chilly SF. Kilovolt Coffee is 2 blocks away for an amazing morning cup of Joe. Walk five minutes and you're at FuseBox, a killer Korean restaurant with kimchi eggs benedict and outdoor patio seating.  Brown Sugar Kitchen is another neighborhood favorite. A ten or fifteen minute bike ride gets you to downtown Oakland or Jack London Square (check out Yoshi's Sushi and Jazz Club), where you can hop the ferry and sail across the bay to San Francisco.  You can also walk or bike to the West Oakland BART station, which is just one stop away from San Francisco.  Get your produce or morning coffee at the worker-owned Mandela Food Cooperative, which is right across the street from the BART station. This loft is  across the street from the back side of a school and a vibrant kindergarten.  One block over is kland Music Compl
The neighborhood is fairly quiet.
This is West Oakland, an old, mostly Victorian houses quiet area. There are very few corner stores in the area and you dont see people hanging around . There's  plenty of parking in the street at all times if my driveway or my neighbor's are not available. Its a safe and respectful neighborhood with nice people that usually say hello to any stranger in the street .
This is an old Oakland neighborhood, quiet and friendly, full of Victorian style houses . Close to all major freeways to the bay area .
This is an older Oakland neighborhood, full of Victorian and Queen Anne homes, mostly residential, hardly any corner stores. Close to BART ( about 6 - 7 blocks away ) , transportation to SF ( Transbay buses go by the corner of the house ) and 3 minutes to first entrance to Bay bridge and altogether 10 - 15 minutes to downtown SF .
We are a short 10-15 minutes walk over the freeway to the trendy Oakland Uptown with tons of nice restaurants, bars as well as the 19th street Bart Station, just 5 minutes from downtown SF and Embarcadero. You can also walk to the Fox and Paramount theatres if you book a show there. There's also a convenience store and gas station just around the corner. By car, we are seconds away from all the freeways: 880 and 980 and 24. If you're an international visitor, you can come over directly from the SFO Bart or Oakland airport Bart. It's nice to have a car if you want to go wine tasting or see Redwood National parks and forests. Everything else can be done with public transport. It's really the perfect spot!
West Town 6 is ideally located on  West Grand Avenue on the run up to the Bay Bridge in up-and-coming West Oakland (urban and artsy but a bit gritty ... not suburbia), and is about as hip as it gets for the artistically inclined, urban dweller looking for a stylish home. Head west on Grand Avenue from your gated parking and be in San Francisco in 15 minutes (during non-peak traffic).  It is about a 12 - 15 minute walk to the nearest BART station, which will get you to downtown SF in about 15 - 20 minutes (depending on which station you want in downtown SF).   Whether you are looking for easy access to Uptown Oakland and the art scene, Downtown, BART (19th Street or West Oakland), the local food scene, or Jack London Square, West Town Six is literally minutes away.
West Town 6 is ideally located on  West Grand Avenue on the run up to the Bay Bridge in up-and-coming West Oakland (urban and artsy but a bit gritty ... not suburbia), and is about as hip as it gets for the artistically inclined, urban dweller looking for a stylish home. Head west on Grand Avenue from your gated parking and be in San Francisco in 15 minutes.   Whether you are looking for easy access to Uptown Oakland and the art scene, Downtown, BART (19th Street or West Oakland), the local food scene, or Jack London Square, West Town Six is literally minutes away. Truly convenience at its best in an urban setting.
quiet neighborhood, residential, plenty of good and safe parking in the street ,,