+ We live on a quiet street in an urban area of Oakland.  + Walk less than one mile north to enjoy Dimond District shops: La Farine Bakery, Peet's Coffee, Safeway, Farmer Joe's Groceries, Oaklandish Boutique, Post office and large city party with walking trails. + Easy on street parking on a wide street  + Friendly neighbors mostly home owner neighbors who have lived here for decades. + House is secured with ADT & we ask you set the alarm as you leave.
Fruitvale is an older and safer area of Oakland, often considered a Hispanic neighborhood, the house itself was built in 1908. Life is very convenient in Fruitvale. Food trucks, restaurants and markets are everywhere. You will enjoy the convenient lifestyle here.
Fruitvale is an older and safer area of Oakland, often considered a Mexican neighborhood, the house itself was built in 1908. Life is very convenient in Fruitvale. Food trucks, restaurants and markets are everywhere. You will enjoy the convenient lifestyle here.
Nice neighborhood.  Quiet street friendly neighbors.  Well kept properties and one block to public transportation.
Our neighborhood is residential.  Many residents have lived here for decades.  There is an old folks home across the street.  Our street does get a fair bit of traffic though, so it's not exactly quiet.
The house is in a friendly, diverse, residential neighborhood. Not much in terms of retail, aside from the thrift store across the street and the corner store down the block. Cafes and restaurants a little under a mile away.  Downtown and Lake Merritt just five to ten minutes by car. Be in the Redwoods in ten minutes, downtown SF in twenty (depending on traffic), at the beach in 30, or wine tasting in Napa in 45 minutes. Great, central location for exploring the fabulous Bay Area if you'd like a comfortable space to spread out and relax at the end of the day.
This is a working-class neighborhood in an area known for higher-than-average crime rates. Dress and act accordingly, i.e. when outside the house plan to mind your own business, don't expect to be friendly with neighbors or people on the street. Don't wear or display expensive clothing or personal electronics.
This neighborhood is Reservoir Hill/Dimond District of Oakland. It is walking distance to coffee, grocery stores, the post office, banks, and restaurants. This part of town is in a decent area and I have not had any problems here. There are a few precautions, as this is Oakland, but otherwise a very enjoyable corner of the Bay Area. 
Very diverse, with great burritos near by =).  A grocery store 2 mins away and 2 corner stores closing at 11pm.