 Rockridge is one of Oakland's most desirable neighborhoods:  Craftsman houses, leafy, tree-lined streets, peaceful, safe and private yet centrally located near public transit, freeways, and College Avenue, a hip and lively shopping and dining area featuring award-winning restaurants, cafes,  independent bookstores, vintage & modern boutiques, a public library, Trader Joe's and Market Hall, a gourmet emporium which contains all that you need to put together a spectacular meal.  On Sundays, walk along the creek to the farmer's market for fresh produce, music and a chance to be part of the neighborhood scene.
Great restaurants, cafes, bars, shopping and close to public transportation. Whatever you need is within walking distance!
Great shops and restaurants, easily accessible to SF and airport Try Restaurant Millennium, on College Avenue one block away.
Our street is quiet and charming, and filled with families. It's an easy walk to College Avenue which boasts many great restaurants, cafes, produce markets, ice cream shops, a specialty cheese shop, and a wine bar. Or stay home and enjoy the hot tub! 
Rockridge
Rockridge and Temescal are two of the best neighborhoods in Oakland. Rockridge has a slew of local shops and gourmet markets including vegetable markets, a butcher, wine shops, bakeries, cheese shops, coffee shops and ice cream places, and several grocery stores including Trader Joe's and a brand new Safeway. Temescal is an up-and-coming trendy neighborhood with amazing restaurants and bars and a wonderful Sunday farmers market just a couple blocks from the house. It's easy to get on the road from here to go to wine country for the day (1hr drive) or down south to Santa Cruz (1.5hrs), Monterey and Big Sur (2-3hrs).
Rockridge has lots to offer.  Easy access to San Francisco via BART, many unique shops, fantastic restaurants, grocery stores, a library, and UC Berkeley all within easy access.  Tree-lined streets and lovely homes make it a very pleasant environment.
Rockridge is a fantastic neighborhood, straddling the best of the urban and wild experience. It's one of the premiere foodie centers in the Bay Area, with favorites such as Oliveto, A Cote, A16, Toast, Wood Tavern, Southie, Trappist Provisions, Enoteca Molinari, and the illustrious Market Hall. Great shops, outstanding farmers market. Close to UC Berkeley and California College of Arts and Crafts. The house is less than a mile to Lake Temescal, with swimming and fishing, and a half dozen other open space hiking opportunities within the East Bay Regional Parks nearby. Chabot Elementary School is across the street, which is open to the public for access to their two playgrounds, with tennis courts and baseball fields right next door.
Rockridge is a walker's paradise, with dozens of restaurants just a short walk to College Avenue.  It's clean and safe.
Rockridge is an amazing neighborhood with some of the best restaurants in The Bay area only steps from the front door: The Ramen Shop, A16, Wood Tavern, Olivetto's, and more. Plus the world famous gourmet ghetto (including Alice Water's Chez Panisse) and Berkeley Rep Theater is only a short 3 mile drive or bike ride away. For those that like to cook for themselves, fabulous Market Hall is a five-minute walk and the butcher/fish monger Ver Brugge and the La Farine bakery are even closer. Plus a small produce market and even a 24-hour Safeway for added convenience! Tilden and Redwood regional parks are minutes away with thousands of acres of hiking and biking trails, lakes, a golf course, steam trains, a petting zoo, playgrounds, open fields, spectacular views and more. As for getting around...
Rockridge is lively and charming. SFGate described it by saying, "The area has a chic edge. But it's also a place where people greet each other on the street, chat in line while they wait for their burritos at Cactus Taqueria, walk home together from BART. In the hamlet of Rockridge, a down-home feel prevails." Lots of locally owned shops and a big focus on local food. My house is steps from a gourmet market, bakery and a fantastic coffee shop (roasted just miles away). College Avenue is lined with restaurants and shops (Cactus Taqueria, mentioned above is half a block from me). Definitely take a slow morning with a cup of coffee or a relaxed evening with a glass of wine and watch the world go by. If you're here over a Sunday, you can walk to the Temescal farmer's market and feel the pulse of the neighborhood. Centrally located for CCA or UC Berkeley visitors as well!
Rockridge is one of the best neighborhoods in Oakland. It has a slew of local shops and markets including vegetable markets, a butcher, wine shops, bakeries, cheese shops, coffee shops and ice cream places, and several grocery stores including Trader Joe's and a brand new Safeway. There are lots of amazing restaurants and a wonderful Sunday farmer's market just a couple blocks from the house. There is a lot to do right here, but also very easy to get out and on the road to fun places like Lake Tahoe (3.5hrs drive), Santa Cruz (1.5hrs), Monterey and Big Sur (2-3hrs), or up the northern coast of the Bay Area like Bolinas (1hr) or Napa Valley and Sonoma wine country (1hr).
Rockridge is one of the most desirable residential neighborhoods in the  Bay Area.  Shops and restaurants abound including a brand new hardware store, Market Hall, bakeries, famous Zachary's Pizza, Wood Tavern and a dozen more eateries, Everything the area has to offer is within easy access -- museums, The Exploratorium, professional sports, wine country, hiking, biking, and live theater, dance, and music. We are two blocks east of college, walk score off the charts .
Rockridge was named by Money magazine in 2002 as one of the best neighborhoods in North America - it is eclectic, lively, and charming - unique home architecture (California style bunglaows and craftsman from the 20's-50's, diverse flora and fauna, gourmet and organic (and regular) grocery stores, tons of restaurants (including the famous A16, Ramen Shop, Zachary's Pizza and A Cote), bars, stores, shops, cafes, salons, library, etc. It's a wonderful blend of commercial and residential and has a very high walkability with access to everything you might need within a several-block radius. The neighborhood is very safe (and athletic - so many runners and bicyclists!) and great for just about every age group, and is near Temescal (more hip people/artists on bikes and great food/coffee) and Elmwood (Berkeley - more awesome restaurants, cafes, gorgeous houses, trees, flowers, ice cream and intellectuals).
The Rockridge culinary offerings and shops on College Avenue that extend from the top of  College Avenue into Elmwood and up to UC Berkeley. Go Bears!
The Rockridge neighborhood is a lovely area with most houses built in the early 1900's in the Craftsman architectural style. It has a nice urban/suburban vibe and our cottage is located only a few minutes walk to the bustling College Avenue shopping and dining district.
The Rockridge shops on College Avenue that stretch into Elmwood and UC Berkeley.
The home is in the Rockridge area on the border of Oakland and Berkeley, with beautiful easy walks to shopping, restaurants and public transportation. It is in an established older neighborhood with lots of beautiful architecture. Wonderful, colorful walks and easy street parking.
The house is located in Rockridge, one of the best neighborhoods in the East Bay.  Rockridge is quaint and charming with stellar restaurants (Zachary's Pizza, Ramen Shop, Smitten Ice Cream, A16, Marica, A Cote) and great boutiques located along College Ave, which is just a block away from the house.  If you're a foodie, Market Hall has a world class collection of gourmet shops (meat, seafood, wine, produce, specialty foods).  Additionally, Trader Joe's is also a couple of blocks away.
The house is very well situated within walking distance to restaurants, stores (grocery and clothing), libraries, freeway and public transportation (Bus and Bart).
This is a wonderful neighborhood full of restaurants, bars, salons, stores of all types and very close to public transportation systems.
Very convenient, safe, very attractive and elegant neighborhood which has everything you need.  
Very nice upper Rockridge neighborhood. Walking distance to restaurants, coffeeshops and BART.
Walk Score : Very Walkable Most errands can be accomplished on foot. Transit Score: Good Transit Many nearby public transportation options. Bike Score: Very Bikeable Flat as a pancake, minimal bike lanes.