Great neighborhood, less than 10 minutes from San Francisco, Berkeley, and Alameda.  Walking distance to Lake Merritt, Downtown Oakland, bus, BART, restaurants, cafes, and shopping.  Seconds from Highways (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), and 80.  Safe and central location with easy access to all Bay Area locales.  You will love this gorgeous townhouse and the central, convenient location.
Here are just a few of my favorite neighborhood things.  Cafes: Tierra Mia, Farley's East, Sweet Bar Bakery, Awaken.   Food: Belly Uptown, Hopscotch, Flora, Duende, Rudy's (open late)  Bars: Make Westing, Woods, Double Standard.  Entertainment: Fox Theater (good concerts), New Parkway (funky art-house theatre) There are many more in each category!
In the heart of Updown District of Oakland. Incredibly close to lively restuarants and performance art venues.
It is the renaissance of Oakland's Uptown entertainment district and we are right at the center! Previously a primary business district, our neighborhood is transitioning to a residential and recreational hotspot! We are blocks from the famous Fox and Paramount Theaters, home to popular live music and performances. You can walk, bike, shuttle, or uber to  countless restaurants and bars. For groceries, corner stores are closest. I highly recommend the local Farmer's Markets, year round on the weekends (Lake Merritt on Sat and Jack London Square on Sun). Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are further to walk/bike, but a short bus or uber away.
Oakland is a port city in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. The city was rated by Rand McNally as having some of the best weather in the country. Oakland does not have the concentration of tourist amenities present in neighbor city San Francisco directly across the bay to the west, or possess the suburban ethos of San Jose to the south, but the visitor to Oakland could easily spend a few pleasant days here with many things to see and do. Oakland consistently receives a negative image but the city does have some great neighborhoods in its hills, and in recent years Oakland's image has begun to undergo a radical improvement. More middle- and upper-middle class residents of all races have moved into Oakland seeking affordable homes; at least homes more affordable than in nearby San Francisco or San Jose. Oakland already has a good balance of Black, White, Asian, and Latino residents, and in recent years there has still been a steady influx of "hipsters" moving to the city. The cit
The unit is conveniently located around the corner from the Fox and Paramount Theaters. Many fine restaurants and cafes are walking distance. Enjoy a pub/cafe crawl with many watering spots to choose from.  Walk Score is 97 (Walker's Paradise), Public Transit Score is 88 (Excellent Transit), Bike Score is 88 (Flat and Very Bikeable).
Uptown Neighborhood, located in downtown Oakland
Uptown Oakland would like to be the center of Oakland culture; it's at odds with itself of issues of gentrification and Occupy set up camp 7 blocks away. Home to arguably the best venues in the closest proximity in all of the Bay area, as well as many smaller galleries, cocktail bars, restaurants, and dispensaries.
Uptown Oakland, near Downtown Oakland, is one of the most rapidly transforming areas in the country. Property values are up y/o/y >19% this year for a reason. It's urban, gentrifying, and restaurants and hangouts pop up almost monthly. Yet there's access to lake merit, Jack London Square, yosmite, SF and more. This particular unit is situated by the Fox and Paramount theaters, and there is tons of nightlife. Monday nights local food trucks gather outside, and there is usually live music. (This also eats up the street parking until about 9 pm.)
Uptown, where to begin.... 3 blocks from lake Merritt, 2 blocks to Bart, 1 block to greyhound and right off the free bus route that takes you to Jake London square and the waterfront. There are so many eateries and great spots, no hunger or thirst would go unfulfilled!
Walking distance to restaurants, entertainment, bars and public transportation.
We are in a renaissance period of Oakland's Uptown entertainment district! Our neighborhood is transitioning from a business district to a residential and recreational hotspot! We are blocks from the famous Fox and Paramount Theaters, home to popular live music and performances. You can walk, bike, shuttle, or uber to countless restaurants and bars. Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are accessible and corner stores are open late for snacks. I highly recommend the local year round Farmer's Markets at Lake Merritt every Saturday, where you can also jog the 5K loop or rent a kayak, and at Jack London Square every Sunday where you can dine al fresco or bocce/bowl the night away. In Temescal, you can brunch and window shop your face off. Never a dull moment…and then there's San Francisco in your back yard.
We are in a renaissance period of Oakland's Uptown entertainment district! Our neighborhood is transitioning from a business district to a residential and recreational hotspot! We are blocks from the famous Fox and Paramount Theaters, home to popular live music and performances. You can walk, bike, shuttle, or uber to countless restaurants and bars. Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are accessible and corner stores are open late for snacks. I highly recommend the local year round Farmer's Markets at Lake Merritt every Saturday, where you can also jog the 5K loop or rent a kayak, and at Jack London Square every Sunday where you can dine al fresco or bocce/bowl the night away. In Temescal, you can brunch and window shop your face off. Never a dull moment…and then there's San Francisco in your backyard.