Hills, lots of trees and animals (deer, wild turkeys, raccoons, opossums, squirrels, lots of birds, humming birds included). A freeway is nearby though and is audible if outside.
Its very peaceful with beautiful views of the Bay, SF  Bay Bridge and the San Mateo Bridge. Located 300 hundred yards from Roberts Regional Park. Steps away from walking, hiking, biking and horse riding trails.
Nice and quiet neiborhood, close to Bart, close to 580 freeway
Our neighborhood is about 25 minute drive to SF (non rush hour) yet feels like a remote countryside setting. Take a walk down nearby roads to check out the bay view and access trails.   Or just relax in your own yard and observe all of the nature outside your door. 
Quiet Area No Drama
Sequoyah Hills is one of the old residential neighborhood (a well kept secret) and is really quiet, serene but yet, close to the freeway. It's really hard to believe that we are in a woodsy part of town but still in the city.
The condo is in a gated community. The area is called the Oaknoll area. There is two golf course within a mile from the house. The Oakland Zoo is a mile down the street. The location is 10 minutes away from the airport. Also, it is with 10-15 minutes to downtown Oakland, Five Hospital, Highland Hospital, Kaiser Oakland, Alta Bates/Sutter Hospital, Alta Bates Berkeley Campus. It centrally located so that easy to get to  the San Jose area as well over to SF.
The neighborhood is very clean, nice and quiet. Please be respectful to the neighbors.
Very quiet family friendly neighborhood  beautiful view of the hills
Very quiet, wooded area in a safe, gated community near the Redwood Regional Forest. This area is not very urban, and is a short drive to Oakland, San Leandro, San Francisco, Hayward, and Emeryville. Our location is great for people wanting to explore the Bay Area without downtown San Francisco prices for accommodation.  We are just a couple minutes from the Oakland Zoo and only 15 mins to the O.co Oakland Warriors, Oakland Raiders, and Oakland Athletics stadium!
We live in a quiet but very friendly neighborhood. We know most of our neighbors and we all look out for each other. Most of our guests enjoy walking around our neighborhood to exercise. 