Amazing lively neighborhood in the heart of Oakland with lots of great restaurants - deli, Italian, Mexican, Burmese, Ethiopian, pizza and Korean to name a few. Delicious Organic Ice cream shop, artsy shops, tattoo shop, barbershop.  USPS, 24hr wallgreens, peets coffee and local grocery market within 2 blocks.  Fully equipped and clean Laundromat a block away, coin opp washer and dryer in building.  
An area filled with California Bungalows and beautiful trees, we are surrounded by amazing cafes - walk to Blue Bottle Coffee, morning pastries at Pizzaiolo (named best pizza in California by Thrillest), Philz coffee, supermarkets, or other bakeries as well as a great farmers market.  Stroll down tree-lined College Ave past cute shops, Trader Joe's, Zachary's Pizza, Ramen Shop, Jeremy's clothing, bookstores, yoga studios and restaurants all the way to the UC Campus, CCA or to Rockridge BART.  You're very close to UC Berkeley (30 min walk to campus), and my place has become a great landing spot for parents bringing kids to CCA and UC Berkeley, those visiting family in the area, and folks wanting to discover our beautiful and friendly Oakland neighborhood.
Conveniently located in the heart of vibrant Rockridge. Short walk to College Ave & BART, a weekly farmers market, and Market Hall gourmet market. 1 block from CCA, 3 miles from UC Berkeley, near several parks, quick access to freeway and 20 minutes to San Francisco.
Enjoy the Bay Area from a tranquil but central homebase. You'll be in the heart of Rockridge, a safe and pleasant East Bay neighborhood nestled between uptown Oakland and Berkeley. Just a short walk from your door is a BART station, from which you can reach San Francisco in about 20 minutes. But you'll want to stick around Rockridge too. Next to the property is a wooded park with a walking trail and playground. Within a few blocks are the most interesting stretches of Telegraph and College Avenues with excellent bakeries, cafés, restaurants, shops, and the great Temescal Farmer's Market, one of the best in the Bay. Check out the map below and search for Rockridge on StreetAdvisor to learn more about the neighborhood.
Here are a few links for some great info about Rockridge: (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden)
Like to hike: The Regional Parks in the Berkeley/Oakland Hills are spectacular destinations, or if you just want a light walk, the 3.5Mi/ 5K walk around the beautiful Lake Merritt in Oakland is easy to get to from our house and a great way to enjoy water birds who live or migrate through this area each year. You can rent boats at the Oakland Parks and Rec Sailboat House (sailing, canoes, kayaks, paddle boats) and get a different perspective on Oakland's downtown area. This lake is part of the Pacific Flyway for migrating birds and there are many different birds on the lake at different times of the year. Like to tour unusual places? Hanger One Vodka, located near the Port of Oakland gives tours and tastings of their infused vodkas and gins. Located on the airstrip of an old Naval Air Station, the distillery offers incredible views of the San Francisco skyline. Next door is Rock Wall Winery with a cafe and tasting room as well. Have a meal and watch the sun go down behind the cityscape.
Rockridge is a wonderful neighborhood, with restaurants, book stores, unique shops, food stores (including MarketHall and Trader Joes) within a 10-minute walk.
Rockridge is full of restaurants, night life, and is very safe.  Also close to Temescal district. Sort of  in between. Extremely friendly neighborhood. Easy walking to restaurants, bookstores.
Rockridge is one of the best neighborhoods in Oakland. It has a slew of local shops and markets including vegetable markets, a butcher, wine shops, bakeries, cheese shops, coffee shops and ice cream places, and several grocery stores including Trader Joe's and a brand new Safeway. There are lots of amazing restaurants and a wonderful Sunday farmer's market just a couple blocks from the house.
Rockridge is one of the best neighborhoods in the East Bay. It has the best Bart Station, and our house is located between the best two walkable areas in Oakland. The Temescal, and Rockridge proper. 
Rockridge is one of the most desirable areas of the Bay Area and you will see why upon arriving. Lush trees, fresh air and a European village vibe, Rockridge has award winning food, shops and everything a neighborhood could need. A fabulous area to explore on foot. Feel like being among nature? We are a short drive from Redwood Forests and hiking trails with some of the best views!
Set in North Oakland, there are many trendy restaurants and cafes within a short walk--check out Bon Appetit's recent "East Bay All the Way" article for some ideas.  The well-equipped kitchen allows you the choice of either dining out or staying in and taking advantage of nearby grocery stores.  Market Hall—a clustering of gourmet markets and grocers—is a short walk, as is a Trader Joe's.  On Sundays, there's a bustling farmers market within a two-block walk.
So close and accessible to San Francisco, but less expensive and a lot more manageable. We're generally 5 to 10 degrees warmer than S.F. Rockridge is a wonderful neighborhood for strolling. Trees, beautiful gardens. Great shops and restaurants.
Take advantage of easy walking to both Rockridge and Temescal shops and restaurants. Rockridge's College Ave offers well established places while  Temescal is hip and vibrant.
Temescal and Rockridge are part of North Oakland, trendy and up-and-coming neighborhoods with a local art scene, excellent restaurants and bars, and convenient shopping. My block is the historical site of the Vicente Peralta hacienda, from before California became a state.
Temescal is the heart of a culturally-thriving neighborhood in one of the most diverse cities in the country. If you love restaurants, eclectic local shops, and vibrant cafe culture, you'll love spending time in Temescal. The neighborhood is very walkable. In fact, from Temescal, it's possible to walk to other great places in Oakland, including Rockridge, Piedmont Ave. and Elmwood in Berkeley.
Temescal neighborhood is growing into a very lovely place. It's very walkable. We are one block of away from a cute little alley with lots of little shops selling trinkets, beautiful clothing, jewelry, small plants, coffee, donuts, herbs, teas, and a barber shop. At the end of the alley is the back yard entrance to our favorite Italian restaurant, Pizzaiolo. Start your day there with delicious avocado on fresh house made bread, or granola and yogurt and a cappucino. Then stop in for dinner and enjoy brick oven cooked pizza or house made pasta. It is family friendly while also romantic.  There are other wonderful places to eat and drink, as well as conveniences such as a post office, Walgreens, a small produce shop, a Sunday farmer's market, Rockridge neighborhood, Bay Area Rapid Transit, bus stops and more, all within walking distance.  Take a bus up Telegraph to find yourself at the UC Berkeley campus; take it down to get downtown and to lovely Lake Merritt. The BART takes you to San 
The neighborhood is friendly and diverse with plenty of lovely houses to stroll by.
This is a great bonded community of local residents and merchants. 
This location is the best you can ask for: Bart is really close about four to five blocks away. We are centrally located. Parking is on the street and there are no restrictions or parking permits but it can be a bit competitive at times.
Walking distance to great restaurants and retail shops located on College Ave, Telegraph Ave, and Piedmont Ave.  Street parking is available.  This area is considered lower Rockridge.  Great Farmers Market two blocks away Sunday until 1pm.
We are nearby to everything by foot, bike, vehicle or public transportation! It is only a 15 minute drive to downtown San Francisco, and 15 minute walk to the BART station. UC Berkeley campus, and downtown Berkeley, are 2 miles away. Plus we are conveniently located only 1 mile to Emeryville shopping centers. Telegragh Avenue is 1.5 miles away and hosts some great restaurants, Pizzaiolo, Dona Tomas, Burma Superstar, as well as a weekly Sunday farmers market. Berkeley Bowl and Wholefoods Market are within 2 miles. 
this is a great walking neighborhood, 4 blocks to BART 4 blocks to Trader Joe's  1/2 block to Frog Park 4 Blocks to Temescal Restauranta 1 block to Casual Car Pool lane to San Francisco