Crocker Highlands is one of the nicest neighborhoods in Oakland. Quiet, safe, tree-lined streets, lovely to stroll around. Primarily homeowners. 
Glenview has all the benefits of a small town - local restaurants and general store, friendly neighbors, quiet at night - but it is very close by to many attractions: Oakland's beautiful Lake Merritt, downtown Oakland's restaurants as well as the Fox Theatre, the Lakeshore/Grand Lake district with more local restaurants and cute shops. An easy 10 minute walk up Park Blvd (0.5 miles) you can find: -Ultimate Grounds coffee shop -Savemore Market (a bit pricey, but very convenient and lots of organic stuff) -Pastino's Pizza and Pasta -Park Burger (local, sustainably raised meats, veggie burgers, great salads) -Sushi Park (really good sushi) -Bellanico (upscale Italian restaurant and wine bar) -Blackberry Bistro (fabulous Brunch, especially the eggs benedict!)
Glenview is a beautiful/charming family oriented neighborhood, nestled between Highway 13 and State Route 580, making it easy access to explore SF and the Bay Area. There is a bus stop directly out front for convenience to BART stations downtown and plenty of street parking if renting a car
Glenview is a safe, quiet family oriented neighborhood with a strip of great restaurants.  Just down the hill a 15-20 minute walk, Lakeshore offers a Saturday farmers market, funky/trendy stores, and a number of restaurants and bars.
Grand Lake is one of the more enjoyable neighborhoods in Oakland. This area has so much to offer within walking distance; outstanding restaurants including a town favorite, the open fire cooking at Camino. Delicious cocktails and small plates of unique combinations at Penrose and the newer addition, Shakewell. If you love salsa dancing, Caña is a lively Cuban restaurant turned dance floor on Sunday afternoons. The Grand Lake Theater, which is a two-minute walk away, is a charming and historic Oakland landmark. It offers plenty of deals throughout the week, like $5 Tuesdays and free popcorn Wednesdays, as well as live organ music on weekends. Plenty of markets and shops nearby; a bustling farmer's market every Saturday, Trader Joe's, as well as a wonderful wine shop, Ordinare, just a quick walk away. If you are looking for fitness options, there are plenty of yoga studios, a gym and the beautiful 3-mile Lake Merritt, which is ideal for a run or leisurely walk.
Great neighborhood, walk to everything including Starbucks, Peets, Trader Joes  as well as many great restaurants.  Bus to SF (or casual carpool) within walking distance.  Napa only 40 minutes away!
I have lived in the area for almost 40 years. Nearby are lots of excellent restaurants, the great Grand Lake Movie Theater, many quaint homes, and good public transportation. We are located 5 minutes from downtown Oakland, 20 minutes from UC Berkeley, 20 minutes from the Oakland airport, and not much further to San Francisco. On Saturdays we have one of the best farmers markets in the Bay Area. It is easy to catch BART, ride the bus, or even take the ferry.  Farmer Joe's, Safeway, and local gourmet grocery stores are all close. Great beer, wine, breads, charcuterie and local cheeses are all found in the neighborhood. Or better yet, Dungenous Crab! From our neighborhood, you can easily catch a Warriors, Giants, A's, 49ers, Raiders, Cal, or Standford game. You can quickly access all the arts and entertainment offered in Oakland, Berkeley, and San Francisco.   You can easily find opportunities to hike in the redwoods, sail on the Bay or simply sit under our trees and enjoy the birds.
Our house is located in the walkable Glenview neighborhood with homes built in the early 20th century. In the neighborhood, we have a coffee shop, a grocery store, yoga studio, and restaurants galore. About a mile away there is the larger Lakeshore Shopping District with even more shops, bars, and restaurants. There are plenty of attractions in Oakland. Lake Merritt is a great place to stroll and people watch. The trendy Uptown Oakland neighborhood is home to the latest bars, restaurants, and art galleries. Within a 10-minute drive, you can be in the middle of Redwood Regional Park with its abundance of hiking trails - it feels like you are no longer in the city. The Oakland Zoo is also nearby. Oakland, which the New York Times called Brooklyn by the Bay, was featured in the NY Times in 2014. (URL HIDDEN) Additionally, it is pretty easy to get to San Francisco (public transportation, car, Uber, Lyft) and the Wine Country.
The Crocker Highlands Lakeshore district is one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Oakland.  You are walking distance to the many restaurants and retail stores . Trader Joe's, Peet's Coffee, Starbucks, Noah's.  Lake Merritt the jewel of Oakland,  Gardens at Lake Merritt, Lakeshore Farmer's Market on Saturdays, Grand Lake Theater  all within walking distance.
The Grand Lake/Lakeshore neighborhood is  one of the most vibrant and convenient neighborhoods in the Bay Area. Lakeshore and Grand Avenue commercial districts offer Trader Joes, Peets & Starbucks, a popular Saturday Farmers' Market with eye-popping fresh local produce, a historic movie palace, an independently owned bookstore, cafes, yoga & pilates studios, boutique clothing, hair & nail salons, and gourmet dining options galore. All right next to a beautiful salt water lake. OUT & ABOUT IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD: Lake Merritt, the crown jewel of Oakland and the oldest bird sanctuary in the U.S. is only a few blocks away offers a 3.5 mile walking path around the lake, lovely gardens and beautiful views of the Oakland hills.  On the other end of Lake Merritt is the Oakland Museum of California, a 60's architectural gem with three permanent galleries for Art, CA History, Natural Science and a rotating contemporary exhibition hall. Friday night the museum is free and open late with food trucks
We are a 10 minute walk from Glenview shops and restaurants, and a pleasant 15 minute walk down Trestle Glen to the popular Lakeshore District and Lake Merritt.  Don't miss Arizmendi bakery!  Our house is situated on a tree-lined cul-de-sac with lots of children and friendly neighbors.  Lots of parking on street.
We are beautifully situated just off Lakeshore Avenue and Trestle Glen. The area is full of acclaimed restaurants, coffee shops (Peet's & Starbucks), yoga studios, bakeries, and boutiques. The iconic Grand Lake Theater and weekly Saturday Farmer's Market are less than 5 minutes walk, with Lake Merritt and the surrounding park only two blocks further. The Lakeshore Grand area provides the following:  •Reliably sunny weather (unlike San Francisco)  •Gondolas & boating on Lake Merritt •4 mile jogging track around the Lake  •Easy access to San Francisco by BART, bus and casual carpool  •Close to UC Berkeley and Mills College •Near great music venues such as the historical Fox and Paramount Theaters in downtown Oakland •Close to the Oakland Arena & Coliseum where the A's, Warriors and Raiders play •Close to Kaiser Permanente in Oakland We are within half a mile of the Piedmont City border, and also close to the neighborhoods of Piedmont Avenue, Rockridge, Temescal, Uptown Oakland, and Montc
We live in a beautiful 1920s neighborhood full of architecturally unique homes. It is a great walking neighborhood and is surrounded by great restaurants and cafes.
You are able to walk to many things to see and do, and all necessities (grocery stores, drug stores, wine shop, dry cleaner, laundry, etc). The Grand Lake area of Oakland is a perfect combination of the old and the new. It boasts one of the oldest bars/restaurants in the area (since WWII) complete with a live piano sing-along on Friday nights, as well as beautiful architecture, some dating back to the late 1800s. On the other hand, Grand Lake has some of the newest and hippest bars and restaurants that have received national acclaim, and a fantastic farmer's market on Saturdays. Lake Merritt and its tidal estuary connecting to the Bay have been recently restored and provide a beautiful location for strolling, relaxing, people and bird watching (it is the Nations's first animal preserve). The studio is also a short commute to SF if you can tear yourself away from all of the wonderful things to see and do in Oakland.