Close to public transportation and 580 but just secluded enough to be safe and quiet. MacArthur between High Street and 35th (about a one mile stretch) has mom-and-pop shops, restaurants, and places to run errands, but is still within a reasonable distance to Lake Merritt and Downtown Oakland, SF, and events/concerts in surrounding areas.  About a 10 minute drive to Roberts and Joaquin Miller Parks (beautiful forests and hiking!). It's more residential than the downtown area, but still close enough to make access to popular areas easy, and not so right in the middle of things that it's overwhelming, noisy, or hard to navigate.
I live on a great street that sits along side Peralta Creek that is partially blocked off to traffic.  This makes for a very nice place to take a stroll.  10 ten minutes up the hill and you are at Joaquin Miller Park, great for hiking and bike riding.
It's still one of the most diverse districts/neighborhoods in Oakland.  It's an easy and short walk to groceries, restaurants, a short drive to some great parks, and the city (San Francisco) of course.  It's one of the safer districts of Oakland but still urban (as is nearly all of Oakland), so you need to always be aware of your surroundings and belongings. We're in the Upper Laurel District and right on the cusp/border of Redwood Heights.
Located close to the freeway, you can be in the heart of downtown San Francisco, Oakland and Berkeley within 15 minutes. It is easy to forget that you are in the city, however, when you escape to our backyard or the hiking trails within redwood forests found a few miles from our front door.  Within walking distance to the adorable and quaint Laurel district, where you'll find awesome brunch spots, a couple of coffee shops, and lots of other local conveniences.
The Upper Laurel/Redwood Heights district still remains one of the most diverse neighborhoods in Oakland.  It's comprised of young families, old families, and lots of different cultures. There are lots of restaurants walk-able from the house and more opening.  We live in a location where having a car would be ideal and getting to and from the freeway is no more than 5 minutes away.  We're 15 miles away from the heart of San Francisco so an easy drive in and out.  With traffic it's about 35-45 minutes and without its closer to 20.
The apartment is located on the border of the Dimond and Laurel neighborhoods in Oakland.  It is a multicultural residential area a few blocks from a commercial strip that includes a grocery store, restaurants, and a variety of other businesses.  Our street has a mix of single-family homes and three-unit apartment buildings with a wonderfully diverse community of friendly neighbors.  We are located one block from a busy street, but don't hear too much traffic or other noise.  In warmer months, the neighborhood kids tend to play out front and can be noisy at times. The neighborhood is generally safe, but we recommend that guests practice common sense and remain vigilant of their surroundings. Within close driving distance are several East Bay Regional Parks, the Oakland Zoo, Lake Merritt, and the Chabot Space and Science Center as well as Mills and Merritt Colleges and Holy Names University.
The cottage is located in a quiet part of the Oakland hills, but a three-block walk brings you to the Laurel shopping district. New restaurants, coffeeshops, a Planet Fitness, and a yoga studio have popped up recently on this transitioning -- but not yet hipster -- section of MacArthur Boulevard.
Walking everywhere is fabulous! If you stroll through the neighborhoods you'll see wonderful gardens.
We know our immediate neighbors and look after each other.  
We live in Oakland's vibrant Laurel district, which has grocery stores, banks, cafes, green open spaces, and a public library. It is near Merritt College and Mills College, and near hiking trails in the Oakland Hills, Redwood Heights, Joaquin Miller Park, Leona Hikes Park, Chabot Regional Park, and Tilden Regional Park.