A secluded enclave in a park-like setting in the Oakland Hills, with ultimate privacy. One mile from College avenue and everything you would ever need for the sophisticated diner or shopper.
As you can see from the pictures, Rockridge is full of restaurants and shops to peruse.  You are also not far from Montclair and Piedmont Ave, which have coffee shops, restaurants and some gift shops.  We are a 3 minute drive/ 20 minute walk to the Village Market for groceries and a coffee shop.
Beautiful Upper Rockridge with proximity to College Ave & easy access to Bart for San Fran & Oakland.  Beautiful views 24/7.
Enjoy a garden oasis amidst Upper Rockridge neighborhood.   Walk to FroYo at Montclair.  Bike to Skyline Blv.
Great neighborhood. Lots of trees and nice for walks down to College Avenue.
Having lived in NYC for over a decade before moving to Oakland in 2014 we still marvel at how conveniently located the house is - we're literally minutes to all the surrounding areas (Berkeley, San Fran, Walnut Creek, etc) and just as close to hiking trails and beautiful scenic drives.  
It's best feature is that it is within a 10-minute walk of the Rockridge BART, casual restaurants, upscale restaurants, cafes, bars, grocery stores, yoga, gym, shopping, ice cream shops, a farmer's market and more.   From the Rockridge BART stop, downtown San Francisco is just 20 minutes away. (Getting to downtown S.F. can be quicker from Rockridge than from many parts of San Francisco).  The city was rated by Rand McNally as having some of the best weather in the country.  Forbes Magazine listed Oakland's Uptown district as one of the top ten hipster neighborhoods in America, the New York Times placed Oakland on the paper's Top Ten list of cities in the world to visit, and journals ranging from the Wall Street Journal to the UK Guardian have all ran features extolling Oakland's innovative culinary scene. Quick drive or BART ride to children's activities, the stadiums for the Oakland A's, Oakland Raiders, Golden State Warriors and S.F. Giants and quick access to all that San Francisco 
Nestled in one of Oakland's best neighborhoods, enjoy walks around the meandering streets where you'll enjoy admiring the eclectic variety of homes, each with its own unique architecture and design, and the beautiful views and sunsets that will great you unexpectedly.
Our neighborhood is one of the most coveted in the East Bay given its high walkability score and easy access to public transportation, restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, playgrounds, hiking, Cal campus. Our home is a 15-20 minute walk to the Rockridge Bart station and the 3 mile strip of quaint shops and restaurants along College Ave.   Walk 15 minutes in another direction, and you'll find the Claremont Canyon trail, a rigorous 2-mile hike straight up the Berkeley Hills that affords vast views of San Francisco, the Bay, and all three bridges.   You can either walk right back down (30-45-min round trip), or meander back through Cal campus. We are also a 10-minute walk to Peet's Coffee, Fournee Pastry Shop and the Claremont Hotel and Spa.  Cal campus is 1.5 miles away. Your kids can burn off energy at Chabot Elementary School's large and interactive playground, right down the hill.
Rockridge is a residential neighborhood in North Oakland, but it gives you easy access to the amenities of a big city. Our home is an easy (and flat) 10-minute walk to dozens of fantastic restaurants (A16, Soi Four, Oliveto's, Southie, Ramen Shop, Sukho Thai, sushi, pizza, ice cream, etc.), great coffee, shopping and two (yes, two!) independent bookstores.  And that same 10 minute walk gets you to BART (the subway) for quick access to SF, Berkeley, downtown Oakland, A's, Raiders, and Giants games - all without a car (sorry if you're a 49'ers fans, they moved themselves to the suburbs when they moved to Santa Clara).
Rockridge is an attractive, affluent, friendly East Bay neighborhood with lush landscaping, architecturally diverse homes, nice neighbors, and so on. You're 3 mins drive from Montclair Village, 5 mins drive from Glenview Village, less than 10 mins from College Ave, Piedmont Ave, and Temescal. The neighborhood is bordered by Piedmont and Montclair. You can't believe you're in a city - it's so quiet, you hear birds all day. But you're less than 10 mins from many hip restaurants and boutiques. Oakland is quite the mecca for cocktails, food/wine, and locavore cuisine these days! Central Berkeley and the UCB campus is 15 mins away. San Francisco is 30 mins by car (during commute hours could be 60 mins). MANY neighbors commute to the Valley or SF from here.
Rockridge is everyone's favorite neighborhood! From the Art House you can see the Bay Bridge as well as stroll 4 blocks downhill to the bustling, busy and ever interesting College Avenue, home of Cole Coffee, Market Hall, and countless more.  Two bookstores within 6 blocks, plus any-star dining up and down College.
Rockridge is one of the most desirable places to live the Bay Area. It is an easy trip into downtown San Francisco and we are right on the border of Berkeley. Plenty of incredible restaurants, cafes, and bars line College Ave, as well as all of your grocery stores needs.
Rockridge is one of the most desired neighborhoods of the East Bay, lined with charming homes, many dating from the Arts & Crafts era. Bustling College Avenue is a four-block walk away along tree-lined streets, offering some of the East Bay's most interesting shops and finest restaurants (Oliveto's, A16, A Coté) plus a delightful European-style food pavilion, Market Hall.  Multiple hiking trails in the redwoods or along the crest of the East Bay hills are within a 10-minute drive. 
Rockridge is walkable to BART
The Rockridge area of Oakland is a wonderful neighborhood close to public transportation and Bart. Lots of great shopping: Market Hall for gourmet groceries, Tootsies for wonderful women's shoes, Pegasus Books, Pave Jewelry, Crush on College Clothing and Nathan's for home decor. Great restaurants: Marica for seafood,  A Cote, Soi 4, Enoteca Molinari, Oliveto's, Ben & Nicks's pub and many more.
The luxurious Rockridge neighborhood is filled with quaint cafes, restaurants, tennis courts, baseball field, 4 blocks away from the historical Claremont Hotel.  We're a 5-minute drive to downtown Berkeley/UC Berkeley Campus.
The neighborhood is called Upper Rockridge and is a quiet residential area overlooking the SF Bay and San Francisco. It is a very safe area with large privately owned homes and ample street parking. College Ave. with highly regarded restaurants, boutiques and interesting shops is just minutes away. UC Berkeley is also close by.
The neighborhood is one of the best and safest neighborhoods in Oakland. When you walk out the door, you are greeted by tree-lined streets with neat older homes (mostly (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)'s architecture). It is an 8-10 minute walk down to popular College Avenue, where you will find many boutiques, bookstores, coffee shops, bars, and restaurants (some are award-winning). We highlighted some that we especially like on the map (you'll see it if you scroll down near the bottom of this page). Local grocery stores include Safeway, Trader Joe's, and Rockridge Market Hall.
The neighborhood reminds me a little bit about Europe in the way how everything is walkable. Within 10 minutes by foot you can reach either the cafe, bakery, trendy restaurant, grocery store, boutique or the Bart sation. Also, the freeway is right around the corner but you don't really hear any freeway noise.
This is a lovely, quiet part of Oakland with easy access to many trails and parks.  As well, it is conveniently located near shopping and a plethora of locations, such s San Francisco, UC Berkeley, Muir Woods, San Jose, Calistoga and Napa. 
This neighborhood is in a convenient location, with lake Temescal being walking distance. Less than a minute from highway 13, it is a 25 minute drive to SF, 7 minute drive to Rockridge Bart, 10 to Berkeley or Oakland.
Upper Rockridge is a lovely neighborhood in the Oakland Hills near the Berkeley border.  Quiet and tree-lined, yet very convenient to Highways 24 and 13, BART and College Avenue shopping/restaurants.
Upper Rockridge is the Oakland's prime location and one of the highest rated neighborhood in the whole San Francisco Bay Area...  Take advantage of the best of what the Bay Area can offer.
Very quiet and friendly neighborhood in Oakland Hills/ Upper Rockridge.  Easy parking in driveway.
We are located in a section of Oakland called Upper Rockridge. Upper Rockridge is a lovely residential neighborhood up in the Oakland Hills with stunning views of the San Francisco Bay and 5-7 minute drive to several vibrant shopping districts with grocery stores, unique shops, restaurants and weekend farmers' markets: Rockridge, Monclair, Elmwood (Berkeley) and Temescal.  The closest, Rockridge, is a leisurely twenty minute walk from our home and 5 minute drive.
We have lived here for over 30 years and love our neighborhood. The neighbors are friendly and most nights there is a beautiful sunset. It is within walking distance of Lake Temescal Park with large grassy areas for picnics and of course the lake for swimming, hiking, walking, running.
We love the gorgeous Art Deco/Mediterranean vibe of the homes, the long winding roads, the secret stair walks,and the peace and quiet, even though we are walking distance from the bustling College Ave. 
We've lived on our street for 25 years. Lovely outlook from our charming studio - palm trees, a beautiful little park across the street.. An easy walk to College Ave shops, award winning restaurants, cafes and the Rockridge BART station. Easy to stay without a car. Our own little piece of heaven!
Your suite is located in a house in the East Bay hills (called "Upper Rockridge") which was struck by a tragic fire in 1991.  Since then, the majority of the  neighborhood has been rebuilt with unique homes on the high end of the real estate market.  Your suite's garden access is a 5 minute walk through the neighborhood to a gourmet market, garden nursery, coffee and gift shop.  Uphill, you are a 10 minute walk from an East Bay Regional park with a lake and 1930's waterfall that was recently restored.