- The building is located in Union Village of Allston (part of Boston) and is near Brookline, Cambridge, Brighton and Newton. There is a garden and playground on the corner as well as a seasonal farmers market and the newly developed Boston Landing (3 min walk) - Allston is a part of the City of Boston (not a suburb) It is famous for its hip, multi-ethnic, student and young professional population and its diversity. There are many local cultural stores and activities. Please do an online search of the area "Allston" or "Union Square, Allston" for much more info and ideas! - Convenient and walkable - Stop & Shop is a huge modern market with fresh produce, foreign/international foods and organics. It is a 2 minute walk from the house  - The subway, buses, Taxis, Car rental, Bike share station are all within a 8-10 minute walk from the house. -  Easy to get to BU, BC, Harvard, MIT Downtown Boston and Brookline - Great selection of bars and restaurants along Commonwealth and Brighton Avenu
- The building is located on the border of Allston and Boston just west of Boston University. The building has a private parking lot (with parking tag of course - enquire with me if you drive) The building is surrounded by hedges and fences which gives it an intimate feel.  - Super convenient and walkable - Shaws supermarket is a huge modern market with fresh produce, foreign or international foods, and every basic necessity you'll need. The market is just a few buildings away from our house. - Entrance to Shaws Supermarket on Gardner Street as well - The subway, the Buses, Taxis, Enterprise car rental, and even a bike share station are all within a 3 block radius from the house. - Boston University West Campus is close to our place.  - New Balance Sports Field, Nickerson Field, The Ice Hockey arena, the Tennis center, and the west campus dorms are up the street.  - Lots of fun bars and restaurants line Commonwealth and Brighton Avenues. The intersection of Brighton and Harvard Avenue 
Allston Village, which historically developed around its transportation hub in the late 19th century, was the center of the Rock and Roll music scene in the second half of the 20th century and also features important signage from the recent past. The area is populated by students, recent college graduates and several immigrant groups. The district has become a center for international restaurants, including cuisines from Japan, Korea, Thailand, India, Burma, Tibet, Brazil and other regions across the world.
Allston is a neighborhood full of students and young professionals. Allston has some of the best asian restaurants and bars in Boston, be sure to check out the recommended locations in the GuideBook.
Allston is a neighborhood with a lot of bars and good restaurants and very well connected to Boston downtown and Cambridge.
Allston is a typical student area, many bars, international restaurants, clubs, easy access by buses to Downtown Boston, Harvard University, Boston University, MIT, Brookline. Our street is quiet, very very low (if any) traffic noise. You may hear birds in the morning and street cats at night. Ear plugs available upon request.  Stores in the area: large Supermarket Stop and Shop, Dollar Tree, Home Goods store (inexpensive).Check MBTA online for Transit/Charlie card info. Take smart phone pics of maps now, you can use/zum them offline. Keep in mind that there are alternatives and website is not perfect.
Allston is a vibrant neighborhood with lots of amazing places to go and eat or go out for a drink. In the summer, it makes for an amazing bike ride to great areas in the city.
Allston is an incredibly peaceful, yet centric neighborhood in Boston. It is a 15min walk to Harvard Square, Boston University and 20 minutes from Central Square.
Allston is known for its trendy artsy coffee shops and stores, and its wide variety of international/ ethnic cuisine. The 'Bees Knees Supply Company' is only 2 blocks away from the condo. There are several brunch/ breakfast omelette joints on Harvard Ave., young lively atmosphere, tasty food, and delicious craft beer selection.
Allston is one of the most happening neighborhoods in the city.  You are walking distance to dozens of ethnic restaurants, bars, froyo, coffee shops, and concert halls.   Allston is home to Korea Town, artists, hipsters, and Boston University students.  You'll see rich kids driving Maseratis and not-so-rich kids hanging out on the front porch.    Residents love the neighborhood for the cheap rents and the ability to walk to everything you'd ever need for work or play.  This is one neighborhood that locals love and tourists never visit. It's  grungy and cool, great for young adults
Allston is one of the most happening neighborhoods in the city.  You are walking distance to dozens of ethnic restaurants, bars, froyo, coffee shops, and concert halls.   Allston is home to Korea Town, artists, hipsters, and Boston University students.  You'll see rich kids driving Maseratis and not-so-rich kids hanging out on the front porch.    Residents love the neighborhood for the cheap rents and the ability to walk to everything you'd ever need for work or play.  This is one neighborhood that locals love and tourists never visit. It's  grungy and cool, great for young adults.
Allston is the home to some of the best music venues and bars in the city, and is less frequented by tourists, making the nightlife a lot more authentic than downtown.
Allston provides many great restaurants, cafes, and cute boutiques. The area is safe and easy to walk.  Nearby public transit ensures that the entire Boston area is open to exploration!
Allston/Boston is greatly populated by students who attend BU, BC, MIT, Harvard, etc.  The Boston neighborhood offers a variety of cuisines, and is very convenient to the city with vast public transportation options.
Allston/Brighton is a choice neighborhood of Boston with history, shops, walking distance to excellent restaurants and close proximity to the Charles River. An advantage we offer you is the combination of a quiet scenic residence with frequent and speedy mass transit choice to a broad array of destinations in Boston or across the river in Cambridge.
Around this apartment has everything from restaurants to 24 hours supermarket to nightlife. 
B Line Packards Corner and 66 bus station within walking distance, Star Market one station away (2 min walking), behind Super 88 Market & Food Court, Harvard Avenue next station, Gyms n yoga clubs nearby
Boston University area filled with lots of restaurants and bars.
Brookline is known for being an excellent and safe area.  Our location has easy walking access to both the Allston Village and Coolidge Corner area restaurants, shops and neighborhood movie theater.  Our house is also next door to a park with tennis courts and a playground.  This location is ideal for folks looking to visit either Boston College or Boston University.
Cambridge has a distinct vibe all its own; both richly historical and decidedly modern, this student town is alive with culture. Spend a day thrifting at vintage clothing stores, catch a show at the American Repertory Theatre, or grab a bite and a brew at nearby Russell House Tavern. Then, take a walk around the nearby Harvard campus that's helped put the neighborhood on the map.  Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
Cambridge has a distinct vibe all its own; both richly historical and decidedly modern, this student town is alive with culture. Spend a day thrifting at vintage clothing stores, or try something new at one of the many ethnic restaurants. Then, take a walk around the nearby MIT campus and enjoy outdoor sculptures by masters such as Picasso and 20th-century buildings designed by modern greats such as Eero Saarinen and I.M. Pei.  Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
Cambridge has a distinct vibe all its own; both richly historical and decidedly modern, this student town is alive with culture. Spend a day thrifting at vintage clothing stores, or try something new at one of the many international restaurants. Then, take a walk around the nearby MIT campus and enjoy outdoor sculptures by masters such as Picasso and 20th-century buildings designed by modern greats such as Eero Saarinen and I.M. Pei.  Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
Convenient location, close to BU, Harvard and MIT. Lively neighborhood with lots of restaurants, coffee places, etc.
Diverse, friendly and beautiful neighborhood. Close to Cambridge Port and Central Square. The other side of the Charles river is Boston.
Gardner Street is one of Boston's most popular neighborhoods, featuring delicious restaurants and fun places to go out! Logan Airport is fifteen minutes by drive. Korean town is two minutes by walk. Boston University is ten minutes by walk. Harvard School and MIT is ten minutes by car and thirty minutes by public transportation. It is also easy to jump on the train or bus to get to other popular destinations quickly! One minute by walk to Green Line B line (Packards Corner), and one minute by walk to 57 bus station (19 Brighton Ave). One minute by walk to Chinese supermarket (Super 88). Three minutes by walk to 24-hour supermarket (Star Market), and you can buy your public transportation card here (Charles Card)!
Harvard Business School Campus - Clean, Safe and awesome 
Harvard Square is a 10 minute walk away, where you can find so many different restaurants offering variety of cuisines.
I love the Bohemian atmosphere, the amazing selection of restaurants and places to go, the multi-ethnic character of the most cosmopolitan and hip neighborhood in Boston
Incredible music, awesome restaurants, great shopping.
Lively neighborhood.  Plenty of unique bars and restaurants.  Transit at front door to Harvard and Downtown. Everything you could possibly need steps away.
Located right on the Brookline/Allston border, this is a trendy, family friendly place that is popular among young professionals and young families. It offers a quieter feel than being right downtown -- but is just a few minutes walk to amazing restaurants and bars in Coolidge Corner -- and you can be right in the city in a matter of minutes should you so choose!
Look up Allston Village, you will get enormous info about the area. It is close to Harvard, MIT, Boston University by bus, biking, or walking. There are plenty of bars/restaurants where you can go to.
Look up Allston Village, you will get enormous info about the area. It is very close to Harvard, MIT, Boston University by bus, biking, or walking. There are plenty of bars/restaurants where you can go to.
Lots of Restaurants nearby and easy public transportation. You will enjoy the convenience
Lots of Restaurants nearby and easy public transportation. You will enjoy the convenience.
Lots of bars and restaurants around. Weekends are awesome. Accessibility to the city is just outside
Lovely, peaceful residential neighborhood with a small convenience store just 1 min walk from the house, liquor store 5 min walk from the house, supermarket shopping plaza and elegant Chinese dine in restaurant 15 min walk away.  There is a Swiss bakery on Western Ave about 10 min walk away and Harvard Square is approx. 15-20 min walk away.  Library and a local church is 5 min walk away.  There is a baseball field, playground, and jogging park just 10 min walk away.  Charles River is 15-20 min walk away.  Numerous shops and dining and Irish bars are on Harvard Ave 15-20 min walk away.  Fenway Stadium is 30 min walk away.  Everything is 5 min or less by car, public transportation is easily accessible.
Lower Allston, or "L.A.," is also called North Allston.  Lower Allston is the neighborhood across the Massachusetts Turnpike from the rest of Allston.  Lower Allston is very close to Harvard Square and is home to the Harvard Business School, and most of the athletic facilities including the Harvard Stadium. Lower Allston is a small neighborhood that consists of a mix of working professionals, home owners, and long-term residents. Unlike the rest of Allston, Lower Allston has much fewer students.     The neighborhood is very quite, has extremely low crime, and is an easy walk to Allston Village or Harvard Square. 
Many great affordable restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. The apt is on the border of Allston, a young hip neighborhood with many college students, and Brookline, a quiet neighborhood with tree lined streets and beautiful homes.
My place is close to the Charles River, Central Square, and steps from the Harvard Business School foot bridge. The location is perfect for a stroll along the river, with nearby parks and a lively neighborhood full of restaurants and bars. Very convenient location between Harvard and MIT. Enjoy the morning walk along Charles River. Easy 8 min walk to Central Sq Redline and Whole Foods / Trader Joe's very close by.
Named after the American painter Washington Allston, this West Boston neighborhood is a favorite for students, young professionals, and families. This apartment is conveniently located on a quiet, tree-lined street, but you’re a quick walk or bus ride away from all the action. Don’t miss Deep Ellum, a cozy gastropub nearby, for tasty bite and local craft beer on the patio.  Near the Boston College campus, Allston and Brighton are popular neighborhoods among students and recent grads which means cheap food, lively bars and some of the best music venues in Boston.
Near the Boston College campus, Allston and Brighton are popular neighborhoods among students and recent grads which means cheap food, lively bars and some of the best music venues in Boston.
Nice neighborhood, just right at the T station "Babcock street" and bus! Very very close to Star market and lots of food places. 5 min walking to Allston, 10min walking to Harvard corner, 15min walking to Coolidge Corner. Bus and T takes less than 5 min to Kenmore-Fenway, around 15min to Copley square and around 20-25 min for downtown station.
Nice, quiet and safe!  Nothing happened to me so far of walking down on street alone in the night.
Our house is on a quiet street, yet so close to numerous restaurants, stores, and popular venues. Everything is only a 5 to 10 minute walk away or accessible by bus or train.
Our neighborhood is in a quiet, low-key section of Boston close to the Charles River. We are 10-15min walk from the Red and Green lines. Two minutes to the closest bus stop. Harvard Business School - 0.5miles away Harvard Innovation Lab - 0.5miles away Charles River - 0.5miles Harvard Square  ~1.0 miles Harvard Yard / Main Campus ~1.0miles The Esplanade ~1.0miles Central Square ~ 1.5miles BU and Kendall/MIT are 10-15minutes away via bike, bus or uber.  Please note: we are not very close to Downtown, the Commons, Wharf area or the North End. These places are reachable via bike and T (Boston is not a large city) but if you want to see the sights you should be prepared to use the MBTA, Boston's train service; the train to Downtown takes about half an hour from Harvard Station.
Ours is a quiet, residential neighborhood just around the corner from Harvard Business School. Many guests appreciate how close we are to HBS.
Pretty city at Grand Boston. 10mins walk to Allston bar area, a lots fun at night time. Most people live here are students at Boston University/Boston College, so, it is a safe place to live.
Quiet and safe neighborhood with graduate students and working professionals. Opposite to the Boston Public Library (Honan-Allston branch), walking distance to restaurants, grocery stores and bars. Very close to Harvard Stadium and public park for basket ball, soccer, baseball and various activities.
Quiet street with access to Harvard Square, and Central Square in Cambridge. Also walking distance to the grocery and the great restaurants in Allston's Restaurant Row.
Quiet street. Walking distance to two supermarket and shopping plaza. Easy access to public transportations.
Restaurants, Bars, Clubs....lots of all of 'em
Right on BU campus and on commonwealth avenue. Apt is across the street from Shaws Supermarket which is super convenient. Multiple restaurants within a few blocks. The neighborhood is safe and fairly quiet (over the summer) as it is on BU campus.
Safe, in the midst of all Harvard Square actions and shops.
Safe, student/family residential area. Very quiet street but very close to vibrant Allston life that has everything, restaurants, bars, even kebab places that stay open long after midnight (Harvard ave, close to Cambridge street, across from Post office and on the same side as Eastern Orthodox Church)
Safe, typical student area but quiet street and quiet house. Recommend store to buy prepared fresh food is Bazaar, 2-3 min walk from the house. It is cheap and convenient. Lunch specials all day for $6 is a large plate of you choice, ask salad separate container and soup additional $1. Please bring your shopping bag with you all the time (ask me if you don't see one in your room). AVOID taking plastic shopping bags from the store.
Sandwiched between Harvard and BU, Allston has it all. 
So much to see and do, near Boston University and all it has to offer. The neighborhood is vibrant and youthful without being boisterous. Clubs, restaurants, stores and transportation all nearby.
Student village but very quiet location. We feel safe to walk around day and night. But please use your common sense and don't flash cash at ATM machines or leave your purse out in the open, just in case. Please read about Boston safety in general to give you an idea.
Super nice dining options within arms reach left and right of you. Easily go anywhere in Boston biking/Uber/train/Jog by Charles River Close enough to the action without the noise
The apartment is 5 minutes walk away from Starmarket, a 24hr gigantic supermarket. Right next to it is super 88, which houses a food court and an Asian supermarket. Also a 5 minute walk away is TJ Maxx, essentially a mini Walmart but sells only brand goods at steep discounts. Allston is a very busy part of Boston, mainly due to students from BU, BC, & NEU. Lot's of Asian restaurants (Korean especially). Lots of things to do.
The apartment is conveniently located in Allston. You are a 90 second walk to Allston Street T station (subway station if you aren't from Boston). The T can get you to Boston College in ten minutes or in the other direction you can be in the heart of Boston in 15 minutes.
The apartment is located in a very prime location with restaurants , bars and clubs just a walk away from the house. Variety of restaurants are present on the street i.e chinese , malaysian , Indian , Turkish and many more.  Also grocery store(Star market) is just 2 minutes walk from my apartment.
The apt is on the border of Brookline and Allston. Brookline is a nice, quiet, treelined neighborhood with many families and beautiful homes. It almost feels like you left the city, but it is still full of many great cafes, restaurants, and bars. Allston is a much younger neighborhood with many college students, artists, and young working professionals. Allston has great ethnic restaurants, and a more lively bar scene. I will leave a guide to the many great restaurants, cafes, and bars nearby.
The area is populated by students, recent college graduates and several immigrant groups. The district has become a center for international restaurants, including cuisines from Japan, Korea, Thailand, India, Burma, Tibet, Brazil and other regions across the world. Allston Village, which historically developed around its transportation hub in the late 19th century, was the center of the Rock and Roll music scene in the second half of the 20th century and also features important signage from the recent past
The location is ideal: The apartment is located at Lindenstreet in Allston. Our neighborhood is convenient 2 supermarkets and to many shops (Whole Foods, cafes, and convenience stores are steps away), restaurants (pizza, crepes, Chinese, Japanese, Sushi, Indian, Korean, Italian) and a numerous bars. It is close to Harvard Avenue, Brighton Avenue and Commonwealth Avenue.
The neighborhood is Allston Village.
The neighborhood is full of life, yet safe and quiet: Bookstores, libraries, universities, international cuisine, bakeries, grocery stores, public transportation. 
There are many great restaurants and pubs!  Have a great fun in Allston!
There are parking space off the street
There are so meany cool things in Allston/Brighton/Boston. Nice diners, restaurants, pubs, cafes, concerts, historical attractions, guided tours, shopping, waterfront, Charles river, university, book stores and much more!
This is a homely area, that is close to stores, coffee shops, and other retail shops.
This welcoming studio apartment is located in the state-of-the-art Continuum Building, just down the street from Harvard’s historic football stadium. 15-min walk across the river to Harvard campus.  Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
Very convenient for the life.  Japanese Sushi, India, traditional American, Asian, Korean, vegan, bakery and Thai restaurants around this area. Also have supermarkets nearby the apartment:  1)Star Market, 1065 Commonwealth Ave 2)Whole Foods Market, 15 Washington Street 3)Stop & Shop, 60 Everett Street 4)Trader Joe’s, 1317 Beacon Street 5)   Bfresh, 214 Harvard Ave 6)  super 88 china supermarket, 1 Brighton Ave
Very convenient location. Pretty close to Boston University west campus, Commonwealth Avenue, and easy transportation to Boston College. Easily access to Kenmore, Back Bay, Cambridge, Downtown area, etc.
Very many students in the neighborhood, charming and hip restaurants. Convenience store is a 2 minute walk, and grocery store is a 5 minute walk.
Very nice and safe neighborhood. walking safe and convenient to grocery store, charles river, MIT, Harvard and public transportation.
Very safe and it's very close to Charle's River to run, bike, and kayak.
Very safe and quiet residential neighborhood, you can walk around anytime day or night.  Great access to Harvard Square and all it has to offer - Gourmet restaurants, bars & pubs, cultural events, historical sites, shopping, entertainment, etc.  Easy access to MIT, downtown Boston, area hospitals, all in about 12 - 15 minutes with Uber or Lyft.
Very safe and quiet residential neighborhood, you can walk around anytime day or night.  Great access to Harvard Square and all it has to offer - Gourmet restaurants, bars & pubs, cultural events, historical sites, shopping, entertainment, etc. Easy access to MIT, downtown Boston, area hospitals, all in about 10 - 15 minutes with Uber or Lyft.
Very safe and quiet residential neighborhood, you can walk around anytime day or night.  Great access to Harvard Square and all it has to offer - Gourmet restaurants, bars & pubs, cultural events, historical sites, shopping, entertainment, etc. Easy access to MIT, downtown Boston, area hospitals, all in about 12 - 15 minutes with Uber or Lyft
Very safe and quiet residential neighborhood, you can walk around anytime day or night.  Great access to Harvard Square and all it has to offer - Gourmet restaurants, bars & pubs, cultural events, historical sites, shopping, entertainment, etc. Easy access to MIT, downtown Boston, area hospitals, all in about 12 - 15 minutes with Uber or Lyft.
Very safe central neighborhood and one of the most lively and fun parts of Boston. You'll find within walking distance tons of restaurants, bars, grocery stores, entertainment and pretty much anything you need.
Very safe neighborhood. Mostly college students and young professional. It's safe to walk at anytime.
Very safe neighborhood. Mostly college students and young professional. It's safe to walk at anytime. I personally run at midnight,  2 am and all kind of awkward times and never have a problem.
Very safe neighborhood. even walking at night.
Very safe residential neighborhood, with great access to Harvard Square, Allston, and Boston!  Lots to see in the area, great restaurants in walking distance,
Vibrant neighborhood with a range of restaurant options and a great nightlife.
Vibrant, active, filled with students, huge variety of inexpensive places to eat for any taste (but no McDonalds and no Starbucks in the area, and only one actual "café) on intersection of Brighton ave and Harvard Ave). If you take bus 66 towards Brookline, you will find more coffee shops and shops for clothing and shoes. Affordable clothing and practical items can be found in TJMax (intersection with Commonwealth ave and Harvard STREET (not ave), but it is very close to the Harvard Ave. The same street changes the name at the end on the border of tow cities, Boston and Brookline. If you notice in other areas the numbers on the same street go up but suddenly go down or start from beginning, it is also the indication that you are in a different municipality (city). Download free app HERE that works well without internet connection and great for directions and finding yourself. Beware of any app using your battery fast... Carry battery charger with you for convenience and paper map (I ha
Walking distance to Boston University and five minute walk from Packards corner.
We  live in quiet residential neighborhood (mostly houses not apartment complexes) and are a 3 min walk away from a grocery store.
We are in the student section of Boston - draw a triangle between Harvard, Boston College and Boston University, and we are right in the middle. Boston is a city alive with historical attractions and points of interest. We have seven world-class art museums, the country's oldest naval warship, a huge aquarium, four major league sports teams, forty two colleges of higher learning, the oldest underground subway system in North America, the historic Freedom Trail, and the best seafood in the country.  
We are located near many good and affordable restaurants and bars. There are also several grocery stores nearby, including a Star Market three blocks away.
We are on quiet and one way street. There is many restaurant around Central /Harvard / Inamn Square.
We live in one of Boston's favorite neighborhoods. Allston/Brookline is the perfect location to be as close to the city as you can while still enjoying the conveniences of a borough.
We live in quiet residential neighborhood (mostly houses not apartment complexes) and are a 3 min walk away from a grocery store.
We love our neighborhood's close proximity to public transportation to get anywhere within our city, also our location in proximity to the Brookline, Allston, Brighton and Cambridge neighborhoods.  Walk in any direction and you will hit a quiet, beautiful tree lined street next to a neighborhood park, a busy Boston city street, you name it!  Places not everyone knows about that are >15 min walks from our apartment: - unique Boston views from Corey Hill park off of Summit Ave - tennis courts in "Coolidge Park" off of Columbia Street Other googlable nearby places: - our favorite hip restaurants of Washington Sq.: Ribelle, Fairsted Kitchen, Barcelona, The Fireplace - our favorite Allston joints: Shanghai Gate, Brighton Music Hall, Deep Ellum, Carlos Cucina - best local grocery and liquor stores: Brookline Liquors, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's - shops:  TJ Maxx, Urban Outfitters - neighborhoods: Coolidge Corner (Brookline), Union square (Allston)
You're right down the street from Harvard’s historic football stadium, a ten minute walk from Harvard square, and a fifteen minute walk across the river to Harvard campus. Grab a Choco Weggli pastry from European family bakery, Swissbäkers en route for a sweet burst of energy that's a favorite among locals.  Cambridge is situated North of Boston Proper, across the beautiful Charles River. It is home to both the Harvard and MIT campuses, and many other colleges and universities. Cambridge's districts are divided by major intersections, known as squares. You can stroll along Kendall Square, Central Square, Harvard Square, and a few others. As one can imagine, Cambridge is mainly inhabited by students and young professionals.
richly diverse demographically including many little restaurants, pretty accessible to many metro-area places via bus/'T'/car etc, for this price
very safety, near train and all restaurant.