-About a 5min walk to the Green Line (Southerland Rd) -10min walk to Bright Circle (restaurants, bars, shops) -10-15min walk to Whole Foods
A slice of heaven within city limits.  Plenty to do, including bars, restaurants, parks, and the Charles River all within walking distance!
AREA: Allston neighborhood, very quiet and safe, 1-min walk to public transportation(Green line Allston st. station). 20 mins to BU/BC/downtown. Easy access to Japanese/Italian restaurants, bars, CVS. Everything within walking distance.
Accessible to many good restaurants
Across the street are three cool restaurants/juice bar. This unit sits between two centers; Cleveland Circle and Brighton Center. Both offer restaurants, coffee shops, nightlife, grocery stores, bakeries and more. Steps to Beautiful reservoir, Boston Marathon runs right thru, near Saint Elizabeth's Hospital, Boston College , Boston University, and easy access to major highways, mass pike, and down town Boston.
All this and more is within walking distance: Boston College; amazing coffee shops (like Fuel); fabulous restaurants (like Fin's Sushi and Grill); and lovely running/walking trails (like the Chestnut Hill Reservoir path).
Allston is a typical student area, many bars, international restaurants, clubs, easy access by buses to Downtown Boston, Harvard University, Boston University, MIT, Brookline. Our street is quiet, very very low (if any) traffic noise. You may hear birds in the morning and street cats at night. Ear plugs available upon request. Stores in the area: large Supermarket Stop and Shop, Dollar Tree, Home Goods store (inexpensive). Check MBTA online for Transit/Charlie card info. Take smart phone pics of maps now, you can use/zum them offline. Keep in mind that there are alternatives and website is not perfect.
Allston is a unique student area with tons of International food places, bars, clubs. But you will no find cafes near by, maybe only one (still don't know why).  Swissbakers would be my first choice, but 20 min walk away or bus 66 to Western Ave (one stop after Library). Harvard business school campus has a cafe that can be use by public, close walk from Swissbakers. Tip: take a picture of the area maps because your phone may not have internet connection. Pictures of maps can be enlarged on iPhones.
Ample Street Parking!
Beautiful Bostonian neighborhood outside the city center, but with easy access to most places in the city. Great access to small lakes nearby, which make great locales for running and swimming (in July and August). Lots of trees and nearby parks.
Boston Landing is an up and coming neighborhood in the village of Brighton, west Boston. The neighborhood is quiet and allows easy access to downtown, Brighton center, Cambridge and the Massachusetts turnpike. Grocers and additional amenities within blocks. Soon to be completed Commuter rail stop and Bruins practice facility!
Boston is America’s oldest city with the downtown area surrounded by 22 Boston neighborhoods.  The property is situated in Boston’s “Brighton neighborhood”, which is the college neighborhood surrounded by Harvard to the North, Boston College to the South and Boston University to the East.  This location is ideal as you are only 5 miles from downtown Boston and 200 yards from Brighton Center. Brighton Center is a quaint urban area with banks, a post office, library, restaurants, pubs, coffee shops, pizza places, ice cream parlors and more. Enjoy a Pats or Sox game with locals in one of the Irish pubs, have lunch in a pleasant courtyard restaurant, or take an after dinner stroll for some ice cream. Brighton’s lively center offers an authentic taste of life in the Boston area. The house is also within walking distance from a United Church of Christ, Roman Catholic Church and a Jewish Synagogue.
Brighton Center, home of WGBH and National Public Radio, is a choice neighborhood of Boston with history, shops, walking distance to excellent restaurants and close proximity to the Charles River.  An advantage we offer you is the combination of a quiet scenic residence with frequent and speedy mass transit choice to a broad array of destinations in Boston or across the river in Cambridge. 
Brighton is a dissolved municipality and current neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States,[1] and is located in the northwest corner of the city. It is named after the town of Brighton in the English city of Brighton and Hove. For its first 160 years Brighton was part of Cambridge and was known as “Little Cambridge." Throughout much of its early history it was a rural town with a significant commercial center at its eastern end. Brighton separated from Cambridge in 1807 after a bridge dispute and was annexed to Boston, in 1874.[2] The neighborhood of Allston was also formerly part of the Town of Brighton but is now often considered separately, leading to the moniker Allston-Brighton for the combined area.
Brighton is a quiet residential neighborhood on the edge of Boston and provides a wealth of parks and green areas.  In terms of resturants and bars, there are a couple of places worth recommending - Thai North, which won the award for the best Thai restaurant in Boston as well as Fiorella's, with good-quality Italian classics. Both places offer delivery.  Fuel America in Chestnut Hill is a hip, new place with good coffee and offers a really chill and relaxing space for people looking to do some computer work. CafeNation in Brighton Center as well as Athan's are both laptop friendly cafes as well. For food shopping we recommend Trader Joe's in Coolidge Corner or Newton (both ca. 15 min away by car), although there are a number of convenience stores and places to buy produce within walking distance.  There is a YMCA with a gym and a swimming pool less than a 5 minute walk from the house. It is $40/month and $15 per one-time visit. There are plenty of parks and ponds close by: Chandler Po
Brighton/Allston is a great neighborhood 15 minutes outside of downtown Boston. We are close to Brookline, Watertown, and Cambridge. Parts of Allston can be called "Koreatown" since there are a great number of amazing Korean restaurants around (BonChon!). There are also some great places like Deep Ellum, Twin Donuts, and FuMu ice cream to check out.
Central Allston, student area, safe walk day and night. Close to Harvard square by bus or bike, walk there about 30 min. Easy access to Boston Central by bus 57 and walk about 10 min or take 2 stop Green line to Hynes Convention center to get to Newbury Street/Prudential center across Apple store, or to Park Street to see Government building on Beacon Hill.
Cleveland Circle is a beautiful and safe neighborhood filled with young professionals. It boasts three train lines, the Reservoir-a great place for running, and numerous restaurants including my favorites Cityside and Eagle's Deli.
Close to Boston College, the Reservoir Lake and Boston University. Eateries and Star supermarket are within walking distance. Safe and pleasant.
Close to city, very nice Chandler Pond just around the corner, the nature gem in the city.
Convenience!  It's 5 train stations from Harvard Avenue, where there are Brazilian, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Thai, pizza, bbq, bars, pubs, coffee shops, dessert places, bakeries, an in general lots of food and restaurant places.
Conveniently located in Brighton, a Boston neighborhood, on the green B, C and D lines. Very close to the Cleveland  Circle reservoire
Eclectic mix of college kids, young professionals (w/ their dogs), young families, restaurants, theaters, running (BC Reservoir 1 mile away), 2 major grocery stores near, 2 miles from Charles River & the Esplanade. There are music venues, bars, and with BU and BC exactly one mile away in opposite directions, there're sporting events around too. Harvard and Lower Allston are a quick 2.5 miles away and accessible by 2 bus lines.
Friendly, quiet neighborhood. Free legal on-street parking. YMCA, library, pizzeria, Thai food, DD, Starbux, CVS. ollegiate Oak Square neighborhood of Boston, right on the border with Newton, one of the 10 safest cities in America. On-street parking.
Friendly, safe, relatively quiet (we are part of Boston, after all!) and very conveniently located.
Friendly, safe, relatively quiet(we are part of Boston, after all!) and very conveniently located.
Great downtown with all the basics: liquor stores, convenient stores, late night places to eat (sushi open until 2 AM), bars, and tons of different places to eat including cafes! There is a gym that you may be able to get a 3 day pass to if you've never been a member.
I love how quiet (except construction) and safe our neighborhood is. It's also a T ride away from everything.
It is a family neighborhood, in a part of Brighton that is NOT overrun with undergrads. 
It is a very nice neighborhood. You can take the Green Line downtown or busses to Harvard Square. The apartment is very close to Boston College.
It's a beautiful, peaceful and safe family-oriented neighborhood near Brighton Center (5 min walk to cafés, ice cream shops, grocery stores, bank etc). There's the gorgeous Chestnut Hill Reservoir nearby (5min walk) where you can take nice walks or go jogging. Boston College is very close by. 
Just steps away from the Charles River and easy driving access to Boston makes this neighborhood very convenient.  The historic architecture is unique to the area.  Sidewalk lined streets are fun to explore. Panoramic views of the City of Boston can be seen from neighboring streets
Love the lake and the park that are near by.. Also that is close to harvard University and Boston
Many desired amenities are within walking distance- shops, food, grocery store
My condo is uniquely accessible via public transportation, specifically the B and C trains of the green line. It is also walkable to local eateries and convenience stores. It is within proximity to Boston College, and Boston University is only a few train stops down the street. The locale consists of students and young professionals.
Newton Street is unique to Boston.  Single family 1860 townhouses line the street in alternate brick or stone.  Each are unique.  The Charles River is a few minute walk from my home.  Walkers, bikers and runners share trails that goes to Boston Harbor.
Nice restaurants, fun bars and stores in walking distance.
Our neighborhood is right between the Cleveland circle and Washington square areas of Brighton and Brookline. We love this place because it is close to the city but not to loud at night. Whole Foods is right around the corner and there are plenty of delicious local restaurants. This place would be perfect for anyone visiting Boston College or Boston University, many other schools are also very close by!
Pretty laid back with easy access to the subway
Quiet area, yet with easy access to highways, universities & downtown
Quiet neighborhood. Friendly housemates.
Quiet yet very centrally located the Oak Square neighborhood is an up and coming Boston neighborhood with ample restaurants & cafés.
SAFE!! Brighton is an amazing neighborhood of Boston.  We sit in a triangle between BC (Boston College), Harvard and BU (Boston University).  You can feel safe walking around late at night in Brighton.  Behind the house are large fields as part of Boston College's Arch Diocese land and 3 houses down is a large public park for kids, dogs, running, tennis, soccer, baseball and other sports/activities.
Safe and quiet neighborhood. Things are quite orderly and organized here. Street parking is easy and no permit is required. A large Star Market (grocery store) is only about 6 minute walk.
Safe parking space in a safe neighborhood.
Safe, peaceful neighborhood, walking distance for metro(B-line) and a bus(57) to downtown Boston.  Close to Boston College and Boston University
Take a walk to the nearby park, or head up the street to local favorite coffee haunt, Fuel America.  Near the Boston College campus, Allston and Brighton are popular neighborhoods among students and recent grads which means cheap food, lively bars and some of the best music venues in Boston.
The Apartment and Its neighborhood offers; • 2 minute to Green Line B  •About a 4 minute commute to WholeFoods •12 minutes commute (Green Line B) to Boston College, 18 minute to Boston University •All you living accommodations are right outside your door; a wonderful grocery store, trendy restaurants, late night lounges and more. •Share the room or rent a private room. We offer short and long-term leases, and both are hot deals. •Utilities included in the rent (electricity, high speed internet, gas, heat hot water, monthly detail cleaning) •Parking spot available off street parking
The apartment is a quick train ride to downtown Boston, Universities, and Colleges, hospitals, etc. Walking distance to Cleveland Circle and Washington Square, minutes from the Chestnut Hill Reservoir, playground across the street. A variety of shops, cafes, supermarkets, bars, convenience stores, Whole Foods, and restaurants are 5 - 15 min walk away. Enjoy the comforts of a city lifestyle in a calm, safe and green neighborhood!
The apartment is close to the B-Line branch of the Green Line. There are a variety of delicious restaurants within walking distance or a short train ride. The apartment is also relatively close to both Boston University and Boston College.
The apartment is less than 5 minutes walking distance to B, C & D Lines on Green line branches, and buses to Harvard Square. Quick train ride from Back Bay and Downtown area of Boston. Very close Washington Square, Coolidge Corner, Boston Collage and Boston University. Everything you need is less than 5-10 min walk away - lots of great restaurants, supermarkets, bars, convenience stores nearby.
The house is located on a residential street so it is quiet and peaceful. It is very close to Brookline neighborhood which is super safety and beautiful (URL HIDDEN) you can check these out on this link. The room is located in the first floor. It has equipped with everything like huge scree LCD, music disc player, wifi speaker. I also provide shampoo and body wash in the bathroom. Moreover, I do have a small LCD with PS4 in the living room, you can play with me sometime or you can be free to use.
The neighborhood  is quiet and very safe walking distance to good restaurants and bars. It's 15 minutes drive to downtown Boston, close to Fenway Park.
The neighborhood is a residential but is in an urban setting. On the corner there are restaurants, and the YMCA and library are very close by.
The neighborhood is a very nice and clean community of which the residents are mainly young professionals and families.  Even though we are minutes away from Boston College (BC as we call it), there are few, if any undergrad students living here (no offense, undergrads, but you can be noisy). It is super convenient to live here.  If you feel like cooking, Whole Foods is within 3 min of walking distance along with a variety of other restaurants including a Mexican cantina, Thai restaurant, and great great great tapas place with excellent sangria.  About 7 minutes away walking is Washington Square with even more restaurants, cafes, and shops. Everything is accessible by T.  There is a large Chinese supermarket just a few T-stops away, for example, and there are tons of great restaurants and bars scattered along the way with enough variety to suit any mood.  If you feel like going out for dinner, the "Korean town" Allston that features authentic Asian food and plenty of bars is only a few
The neighborhood is quiet and residential but close to shopping, with easy access to downtown Boston without being crowded into the urban bustle.
The neighborhood offers so much! Easy bus access to downtown, great parks, many bars and restaurants offering many different types of cuisine, and more. 
The proximity to the city, the sophisticated young adult vibe, and the many coffee shops and restaurants within a mile
The street is a small side street and is a quiet family oriented area (unlike other parts of Allston/Brighton).   It's walking distance (10 mins) from a green-line (B) subway T stop that will take you to downtown Boston and Cambridge. There is also a bus stop right out front.  For groceries, there is a Whole Foods Market just one more block past the subway stop (7 blocks away), so about 12 minutes walk. There is also two more regular supermarkets but they are a little father away, called Stop & Shop and another called Star Market – you can look them up online.
This apartment is located just steps from the beautiful Chestnut Hill Reservoir. There’s a maintained path around it that’s great for walking or jogging. And, if you’re traveling with kids, there’s also a playground right next to it. Boston College also has a lovely campus just a 10-min walk away.   Near the Boston College campus, Allston and Brighton are popular neighborhoods among students and recent grads which means cheap food, lively bars and some of the best music venues in Boston.
This is a safe family and student neighborhood 1/2 way between BC & BU. MIT is easily reached by the "T" or a trolley & a beautiful walk across the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge. Harvard, also, is accessed easily by bus. We are close to Brookline, Newton & Cambridge. There is a Whole Foods Market down the block and we are easy walking distance to Washington Square and Coolidge Corner where you’ll find Trader Joe’s, Brookline Booksmith, Starbucks, many restaurants and a variety of good stores. In the other direction we are a 5 min walk to one of the busy Allston-Brighton student areas with many restaurants, clubs and bars.
This is a very nice residential neighborhood of Boston. There are a number of good restaurants and bars a ten-minute walk away (5 min by T) in Washington Square, as well as a Starbucks, a Dunkin Donuts, several bars, a CVS, and numerous eateries within a block. The Reservoir nearby is a great place for jogging or seeing the sun set.
This is one of the quietest and safest part of Brighton with adult professionals and families as neighbors. Steps away from multiple parks, bars and restaurants. Close to Cambridge, Somerville and Newton, 20 minute bus ride to downtown Boston.
Top 2 safest neighborhood in Boston. I listed a website but Airbnb blocked it. Search "jumpshell safest neighborhood Boston". Cnvenient to train. Close to Chestnut Hill stop on Greenline (B) and Cleveland Circle stop on Greenline (C). Restaurants: REALLY good restaurants (in the top 50 in Boston) are located nearby in Washington Square, Brookline. You can walk or take the Green Line (C) a few stops. I recommend Barcelona, Fairstead Kitchen and Ribelle, all with outdoor seating.  A cool Belgian pub is the Publick House, also the Washington Sq. Tavern and The Abbey.  One of Boston's best pizzas is at Pino's, located a block away in Cleveland Circle.  Allston (another Boston neighborhood) has many pubs and Asian restaurants.
Typical student area mixed with residential houses
Ultra-quiet, with many shops and a very close laundry.
Umai on Market street is the best Japanese food I have ever had. I have them on speed dial
Very close to the Charles river and convenient for exploring everything Boston has to offer. Very quiet and safe residential street.
Very friendly/safe neighborhood, extremely quiet inside the apartment.  Green line T public transportation right out the front door.  A few low-key bar/restaurants within a short walk.  1.5 miles from Boston College, and the BC reservoir with a park and running route.  3 miles from Fenway Park with lots of nightlife.  5 miles to downtown Boston with excellent nightlife and restaurants/bars.  Breakfast spots within walking distance.
Very safe and convenient neighborhood close to Harvard Square.  Walk to the grocery store, Bruegger's bagels, sushi restaurant, wine store, breakfast places, restaurants, bus service to Harvard Square, etc.
Very safe and convenient neighborhood close to Harvard Square.  Walk to the grocery store, Brugger's bagels, sushi restaurant, wine store, breakfast places, restaurants, bus service to Harvard Square, etc.
Very safe and convenient neighborhood close to Harvard Square. Walk to the grocery store, Brugger's bagels, sushi restaurant, wine store, breakfast places, restaurants, bus service to Harvard Square, etc.
Walking distance to many attractions including Harvard Business School, BU,  restaurants and plenty of super markets/ convenience stores. Easy access to the T (subway) green line.
Washington Square is an upscale neighborhood in an upscale city, boarding Boston to the West. It has a commercial area of restaurants and shops.
We are located on the border of Brookline and Brighton near Washington Sq. An easy walk to great restaurants and bars in Washington Sq. (ask us for recommendations!), steps to the T and close to Boston College, Boston University, Longwood Medical Area, Harvard Business School, Fenway Park and other great Boston locations.
We are located right on the Green line of the T (that is the local subway transportation system for you non -Boston natives) between Boston College and Boston University.  Also there is easy access to buses that can get you to Harvard University as well.  There are several fine restaurants to dine at.  Cuisines ranging from American, Pizza, Italian, Chinese, Sushi, Seafood and bakeries.  Whole Foods is an easy 10 minute walk away from our location.  CVS is also not far away.  This is a safe neighborhood.
We are located right on the Green line of the T (that is the local subway transportation system for you non -Boston natives) between Boston College and Boston University. Also there is easy access to buses that can get you to Harvard University as well. There are several fine restaurants to dine at. Cuisines ranging from American, Pizza, Italian, Chinese, Sushi, Seafood and bakeries. Whole Foods is an easy 10 minute walk away from our location. CVS is also not far away. This is a safe neighborhood.
We are right in Brighton's oak square. We have a very cute neighborhood that is filled with amazing food options and few good bars to explore. We are located 15 minutes by cab from downtown and about 25 minutes by train. But it makes our neighborhood more suburban than in the city.
We live in a beautiful neighborhood, that is safe and quiet. We are also just minutes away from the bars and restaurants in the Boston College and Brighton Center areas. There is a small pond less than a 5 minute walk, with great walking trails.
We live in a great, quiet neighborhood with four parks within a 5 minutes walk of the house. Several restaurants are just a couple blocks away, yet the street is typically quiet at night.
We love our neighborhood!  There's a park with a basketball court and playground (and a good sledding hill in winter) just about 8 houses away.  There's ample parking and we know and like all of our neighbors.  We also enjoy spending time out in our yard watching everyone walk by with their dogs at the end of the day.   Also, if you enjoy going for a morning run, you'll love our access to the Charles River bicycle and running path (just 0.3 miles from the house).  You can go all the way downtown on it!
We're located in beautiful Brighton. Up the street is Brighton Center which has loads of cafes and restaurants. Go the other direction and make your way to Allston for even more food, drink, and fun!
Young professionals, families, and students. Walk to two centers and easy access to Boston
it is near everything you need And the bed is not big but fits a couple
walking distance to public transportation, all green lines B, C and D line. Shops, grocery stores, restaurants are steps away. Easy access anywhere