A few blocks from Boston's South Station and every major subway line as well as the park, attractions and food, this is urban living at its best.  Walk everywhere and enjoy exploring what the city has to offer. The Leather District is mostly remodeled textile factory buildings turned into lofts.  Chinatown is vibrant, has great, inexpensive Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Malaysian and Japanese food.  The waterfront and park as well as historic Beacon Hill are all within walking distance.  You will have access to convenience stores, groceries, easily can go for a walk or run in the park or check out a movie, go to a show in the nearby theatre district.  The environment is densely urban and diverse and the loft, perched several stories above, provides a peaceful oasis in the middle of it all.
Boston's vibrant theater scene includes more than a dozen major performance venues in the Downtown Theatre District.  Bordering Chinatown and the Leather District.  Only minutes to South Boston where the new Waterfront area offers many dining options, the Convention Center(s), and more.
Downtown Crossing is a shopping district that is a small part of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, located due east of Boston Common and west of the Financial District. It features large department stores as well as restaurants, souvenir sellers, general retail establishments, and street vendors
Great location to see tourist attractions, Tufts Medical, South Station, Public transportation. Walk to everything
Living on the greenway! The building borders Financial District, Chinatown, Waterfront, Theater District, and the beginning of South End.
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – Shabu-Zen (.01 mi), New Jumbo Seafood (.01 mi), Blu (.3 mi), Artisan Bistro (.4 mi) •Whole Foods for groceries - .4 mi •The Shops at Prudential Center – 1.9 mi •House of Blues – 2.7 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 2.1 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England -1.3 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – .9 mi •Faneuil Hall – .9 mi •Fenway Park – 2.6 mi •Boston University (2.4 mi),  Northeastern University (1.7 mi), and Harvard (4.8 mi) •Boston Children’s Hospital – 2.7 mi
Major Attractions: •Rose Kennedy Greenway – public park featuring contemporary art, water features, modern landscaping, food trucks, and seasonal events – .3 mi •Restaurants – The Townsman – located at the base of the Radian, Shabu-Zen (.2 mi), New Jumbo Seafood (.1 mi), Blu (.3 mi), Artisan Bistro (.3 mi) •Whole Foods for groceries - .6 mi •The Shops at Prudential Center – 1.2 mi •House of Blues – 2 mi •Museum of Fine Arts – 2.2 mi •Prudential Skywalk – highest observation deck in New England -1.3 mi •Historical Freedom Trail walking tour – .6 mi •Faneuil Hall – .6 mi •Fenway Park – 2.3 mi •Boston University (3 mi),  Northeastern University (1.7 mi), and Harvard (4.2 mi) •Boston Children’s Hospital – 2.4 mi
Neighborhoods: The apartment is uniquely located at the intersection of several great Boston neighborhoods: Chinatown, the Theater District, the Leather District and the South End. Many more great neighborhoods are within easy walking distance including Back Bay, Beacon Hill, the Waterfront, the Seaport District and Fort Point.  Some Notable Nearby Locations/Attractions:  -Boston Common and Public Garden -Rose Kennedy Greenway -Charles River Esplanade -SoWa Sundays -Newbury Street  -Freedom Trail -South Station Nearby Hospitals: Location is close to many of Boston's major hospitals, which makes it a great place to stay during a rotation or an interview. -Tufts Medical Center (walk: 5 min) -Boston Medical Center (walk: 20 min; bus: 15 min; drive: 5 min) -Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) (walk: 25 min; subway: 20 min; drive: 10 min)  Nearby Schools and Universities: Location is steps away from the Tufts University Health Sciences campus (5 min walk). The Boston University Medical Cam
Neighborhoods: The apartment is uniquely located at the intersection of several great Boston neighborhoods: Chinatown, the Theater District, the Leather District and the South End. Many more great neighborhoods are within easy walking distance including Back Bay, Beacon Hill, the Waterfront, the Seaport District and Fort Point.  Some Notable Nearby Locations/Attractions:  -Boston Common and Public Garden -Rose Kennedy Greenway -Charles River Esplanade -South End Open Market (SoWa Sundays) -Newbury Street  -Freedom Trail -South Station Nearby Hospitals: Location is close to many of Boston's major hospitals, which makes it a great place to stay during a rotation or an interview. -Tufts Medical Center (walk: 5 min) -Boston Medical Center (walk: 20 min; bus: 15 min; drive: 5 min) -Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) (walk: 25 min; subway: 20 min; drive: 10 min)  Nearby Schools and Universities: Location is steps away from the Tufts University Health Sciences campus (5 min walk). The Bosto
Perfectly located between The Theater District, the Financial District and Boston Common.
Right across the street is Boston's Chinatown, a constantly lively part of the city - There's a 24 hr diner, plenty of restaurants closing near 3 am and several bars and lounges surrounding the area. There are 'hubway' or bike rentals near the apartment for your leisurely traveling needs.
The building is conveniently located about 10 minutes from General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport. Boston is America’s Walking City so public transportation is also easily accessible – just a short walk to Tufts Medical Center T-Stop, Chinatown T-Stop, and South Station.
This exceptional property is located close to several Boston most compelling neighborhoods near the Rose Kennedy Greenway. Residents can enjoy a convenient location with nearby transportation hubs, making all areas of Boston easily accessible, along with the finest dining, shopping and entertainment. 