 It is a very quiet and safe neighborhood. You will see many young professionals and students here. Close to Dorchester Ave, where you can find many restaurants. 
A diverse, residential neighborhood with lots of families and trees. Paths to jog or walk on the beach, easy access to bike rental, food shopping, restaurants, and coffee shops. The neighborhood is old - people who come here, stay here. Large Victorian houses - two city parks - walk along the harbor. 10 minutes away is a local, breakfast spot: McKenna's, open at 5:30 and Savin Bar and Kitchen open for lunch and dinner till about 11. About 20 minutes walk away are several restaurants - Indian, Chinese, Pizza, Vietnamese, Irish, UMass Boston, and the JFK Presidential Museum.
A diverse, residential neighborhood with lots of families and trees. Paths to jog or walk on the beach, easy access to bike rental, food shopping, restaurants, and coffee shops. The neighborhood is old - people who come here, stay here. Large Victorian houses - two city parks - walk along the harbor. It is unexpectedly safe, actually. 10 minutes away is a local, breakfast spot McKenna's open at 5:30 and Savin Bar and Grille open for lunch and dinner till 11 or Midnight. About 20 minutes walk away are several restaurants - Indian, Chinese, Pizza, Vietnamese, Irish. Also 20 minutes walk is UMass Boston - with cafeterias, and the restaurant at the JFK Presidential Museum.
A small, quiet, safe and friendly neighborhood. Most residents are young professionals, students and old residents.
A true urban oasis. Explore historic Lower Mills and the Neponset River salt marsh ... you'll see blue herons, red-tailed hawks, and more, and then you can hop on the train right into Boston! Milton Village (5 minutes walk from home) has 2 banks, full-service post office, a gym and a yoga studio (drop-in clients welcome), and a weekly Farmer's Market. Dorchester's Lower Mills (also 5 minutes walk) has 2 coffee shops, good pub food and take-out, a public library, CVS, dry cleaners. 
Ashmont/St. Mark's neighborhood has excellent restaurants and bars, is very safe, and is a short ride to the city. Dorchester is Boston's oldest and largest neighborhood. Nearby, there are a ton of local favorites, all locally owned! My street is mostly made up of families and tends to be on the quieter side. Near Ashmont, you will experience a more lively crowd. This area is perfectly safe and friendly-- I have been living in the Ashmont area of Dorchester alone for almost 5 years and have never had a single problem!
Between the four of us, we have lived in Cambridge, Somerville, Jamaica Plain, Brookline, and nothing has compared to the convenience, luxury, and beauty of where we are currently. For those that are not familiar with Boston, when they hear the word "Dorchester" they are immediately scared of it, for fear of decades old crime. While yes, there are parts of Dorchester that are less than pristine, Dorchester is Boston's largest neighborhood, and has absolutely nothing to do with the area of Dorchester that we live in.  The neighborhood that we live in is all single-family homes, owned by a multi-ethnic population from Islanders, europeans, and midwesterners. We are all very considerate of everyone's privacy, but also a very tight community. While you are here, you will probably be talked to by the neighbors, and wished a wonderful evening, or asked about how you like our beautiful corner of the city. You'll be on a first name basis with many of them (Heather, Bob and Rosemary, Lee, Kent,
Children's Park and Zoo nearby. Safe area! Shopping easy!
Diverse Neighborhood Owner occupied residential area. The neighborhood can be noisy at times, but this is nothing to worry about.
Diverse Neighborhood!
Diverse neighborhood
Diverse neighborhood (Black, Spanish, Asian, ....)  Owner occupied residential area (Single Family, 2-Family, 3-Family homes). The neighborhood can be noisy at times, but this is nothing to worry about. 24 Hours Free Street Parking (No Resident Permit required).
Diverse neighborhood (Blacks, Spanish, Asian...)  Owner occupied residential area (Single Family, 2-Family, 3-Family homes). The neighborhood can be noisy at times, but this is nothing to worry about.
Diverse neighborhood.
Diverse neighborhood. Neighborhood can be noisy at times but it's nothing to worry about.
Diverse neighborhood. Neighborhood can be noisy at times, but it's nothing to worry about.
Diverse neighborhood. The neighborhood can be noisy at times, but this is nothing to worry about.
Diverse, quiet, residential neighborhood two minutes walk to the subway; fast easy commute to anywhere in the city. There are a few great coffee shops and restaurants nearby (some of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the US) but the neighborhood is more quiet and residential overall; a quick drive or subway ride takes you anywhere in town in no time. Home is just a 15-20 minutes drive or ride to South Station, Park Street and Downtown.
Dorchester is Boston's largest neighborhood, and it is culturally and socioeconomically diverse. There are 2 parks nearby with playgrounds, ball fields, and basketball courts.  We are walking distance to several neighborhood centers -- Fields Corner, Codman Square, Ashmont Square, and Adams Village -- where there is a wide range of dining options from Irish pub food to Jamaican jerk chicken and bahn mi or pho from one of the dozens of Vietnamese restaurants.  We've tried almost every one and are happy to make specific recommendations.
Dorchester is a diverse and large neighborhood. Our Victorian house is located in the unique Wellesley Park with gas-lit street lights. It's a safe, friendly and beautiful area with a park right in front of the house. Our house is located in a residential area. There are take-out restaurants, grocery stores and a laundromat in walking distance. (10 minutes walking) Nothing as fancy as downtown Boston though, ^^! We're 2 blocks from the Redline T station (Shawmut) so it'll be very easy for you to get to downtown Boston (20min), UMass Boston, MIT or Harvard Sq. (35min) 3 minutes walk to the Subway --- guests will hear the underground rumble occasionally. It won't affect your peaceful stay. (see reviews)
Dorchester is a diverse and large neighborhood. Our Victorian house is located in the unique Wellesley Park with gas-lit street lights. It's a safe, friendly and beautiful area with a park right in front of the house. Our house is located in a residential area. There are take-out restaurants, grocery stores and a laundromat in walking distance. (10 minutes walking) Nothing as fancy as downtown Boston though, ^^! We're a 3min walk from the Redline T station (Shawmut) so it's be very easy to travel to downtown Boston (20min), UMass Boston, MIT or Harvard Sq. (35min).  3 minutes walk to the Subway --- guests will hear the underground rumble occasionally. It won't affect your peaceful stay. (see reviews)
Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over 6 square miles in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The town was founded by Puritans who emigrated from Dorchester, England in 1630. The house is one of many Beautiful Victorian houses built on 1848.  This is not the wealthiest part of Boston, yet very convenient ,  affordable  and save location to the city center, Cambridge, Harvard Square, MIT, ocean, South Shore on direct line T-red line Restaurants, shoppes, around the corner and open late. T-red line being 4 min walking distance, ocean being close, old Victorian houses, free unlimited parking.  This is a historic neighborhood of Boston with mixed minority communities
Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over 6 square miles in Boston.  Our house is located on the outer skirt of Dorchester in a quiet, safe and  friendly neighborhood.  Dorchester Avenue is a quick walk away and is full of good restaurants and bars.
Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over 6 square miles in Boston. Our house is located on the outer skirt of Dorchester. Dorchester Avenue is a quick walk away and is full of good restaurants and bars.
Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over six square miles in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It has a very diverse mix of cultures and many unique dining establishments covering a wide variety of ethnic foods. Guests should be comfortable among  residents of different backgrounds.
Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over six square miles in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It has a very diverse mix of cultures and many unique dining establishments covering a wide variety of ethnic foods. Guests should be comfortable among residents of different backgrounds.
Dorchester is a neighborhood experiencing a great rebirth or culture and cuisine.  As Boston grows many younger singles, couples and families have relocated to this long established victorian era neighborhood to rehab homes, establish new businesses, and grow their families in a neighborhood of Boston that provides green spaces and ocean views.
Dorchester is an eclectic and ever growing and changing neighborhood.  Evidence is everywhere of the diversity this neighborhood holds: the urban bistro that converts to a gay club at night, the authentic Vietnamese restaurants, the large variety of Irish Pubs, the newly opened local craft beer store and brewery, and the Cape Verdian businesses, cafes and restaurants.
Dorchester is one of the most up and coming neighborhoods in Boston! No wonder our landlord gutted and renovated our apartment building along with the other property he has in Boston. I refer to Dorchester as the Brooklyn of Boston, our neighborhood is gentrified, our neighbors drive a Prius and have chickens for eggs, we have a community garden and aren't too far from the beach and ocean activities. I love it.
Dorchester is the largest and oldest residential neighborhood in Boston.   Cultural melting pot. Historic Strand theatre within minutes of downtown Boston, Franklin park Zoo and beaches. University of Massachusetts.    Close to:  Downtown Boston - Historical tourist spots, shopping, restaurants, entertainment (20 minutes by Orange Line or red line)  Franklin Park  (zoo, gulf course, tennis, baseball field and more) is very close by. Newly built state of the art gym 5 minutes walk.  
Four Corners is in the Dorchester (or Dot to the locals) area of Boston. It's an emerging residential neighborhood with a couple local sub shops and convenient stores. The house's backyard is open to a quiet 1 way backstreet with a large public park directly next door.   It's less than a 10 minute drive to Franklin Park Zoo, Interstate 93 and about 15-20 minutes from downtown.
Four Corners is in the Dorchester (or Dot to the locals) area of Boston. It's an emerging residential neighborhood with a couple local sub shops and convenient stores. The house's backyard is open to a quiet 1 way backstreet with a large public park directly next door. It's less than a 10 minute drive to Franklin Park Zoo, Interstate 93 and about 15-20 minutes from downtown.
Good Vietnamese restaurant to the right of the house. Good food and reasonable price, To the left on Dorchester Ave, Pizza, Blarney stone pub, on the plaza many stores and bank ATM, last one is big supermarket. JFK Library and museum, UMASS Boston two stops from JFK station by shattel bus, beach walk and Castle Island
Great space, location and value. Easy access to tranportation. Located at the intersection of four of Dorchester's hottest neighborhoods - Lower Mills, Cedar Grove, Adams Village, and Ashmont Hill. Walk to them and enjoy the different flavors of the many restaurants, cafes and shops each has to offer. We are located across the street from Dorchester Park (designed Olmstead by the same landscaper of NYC Central Park) and a short walk to the Neponset Greenway - a bike/walk park that meanders along the Neponset River, Dorchester Bay, and continues along the water to downtown Boston.  Ashmont Station, a train hub along the Redline transit system is a 5 min walk away and there is direct access to all the major highways.  While the apartment's location near the train and highways allows for quick access to downtown, cambridge, universities hospitals and major Boston ammenities - there is so much going in "Dot" you may decide to stay local. It is such a great neighborhood - did I mention the 
I love my neighborhood because it is safe. The people are friendly. And public transportation is easily accessible.
I love my neighborhood because it's quiet but still close to the city.  Great neighbors.
I love my neighborhood! It's a quiet getaway, but yet still very easy to get to the action of the city. The neighborhood itself also offers some great restaurants and bars, as well as being as walkable to grocery stores and convenience stores.
I love my neighborhood! It's a quiet, residential getaway with tree-lined streets and a 15min walk to the beach, but yet still very easy to get to the action of the city. The neighborhood itself also offers some great restaurants and bars, as well as being as walkable to grocery stores and convenience stores.
I love the diversity of people in my neighborhood, as well as the variety of things to do in the neighborhood. My neighbors are the best!  Most important is the distance to everything is less than a mile.
I love where I live. It's an older up and coming area. I love how quiet the area is, being so close to downtown. I'm less than a five minute walk to retail stores, bars, restaurants and the beach is a quick 10 minutes! Blocks from the Andrew Square subway station. From there, easy to get anywhere in Boston.
I want my guests to have the best touristic experience in Boston & Cambridge area. The map contains many places that I consider worth-visiting during your stay in our Beloved and Amazing Boston/Cambridge.
It is a diverse neighborhood (Blacks, Whites, Hispanics and Cape Verdians).
It is a diverse neighborhood.
It's a verycute neighborhood. Lots of old homes. Right on the T with easy access to downtown and to I-93. Parks, the beach, a running path, playgrounds, restaurants, ice cream shop all within a couple blocks.
It's walking distance to most necessities: groceries, corner stores, laundromat are a 5 min walk away on Bowdoin St.  I live with 5 miles, 15-20 minute drive, to Downtown or Seaport etc.  Plenty of on-street parking.  Dorchester is the biggest and most diverse neighborhood in the City.  The largest neighborhood in Boston is also one of the most diverse. Long-time residents mingle together with new immigrants from Vietnam, Cape Verde, Ireland, and many other countries. This mix of residents from all cultures and backgrounds makes it an incredibly vibrant place to live, work, and spend time.  Field’s Corner is the heart of the Vietnamese community in Boston. You’ll find the first Vietnamese Community Center in the country and the best Vietnamese restaurants in the City. Dorchester Avenue is the center of the business district and features restaurants, local small businesses, pharmacies, ethnic stores, and more. Dorchester is also home to Franklin Park, the “crown jewel” of the Emerald Ne
Its great!  Beautiful parks within walking distance, great running routes, and awesome variety of restaurants all within 50 yards (dinner, brunch, breakfast, ice cream parlor, etc).
Jones Hill is a quiet, safe residential neighborhood with a rich history and many examples of classic New England architecture.  There is a mix of (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)'s mansions and triple deckers from the 1920s.  It borders South Boston and is within walking distance of two beaches as well as some nice biking paths; the historic Kennedy Library museum is nearby.  We are at the top of the hill, so you can see the ocean from the yard, and we get ocean breezes all summer.  My house was built in 1880 for the daughter of the farmer that owned the hill, and though the neighborhood is part of Boston, it still has a suburban feeling, with giant trees and plenty of yards.  In past decades it has become home to immigrants as well as old New England families; about half the arrivals were from Ireland, but also some from Italy, Eastern Europe, Vietnam, the Carribean and Cape Verde.  In winter we help eachother with shoveling snow; people stay a long time, as it is a pleasant place to live.
Jones Hill is a quiet, safe residential neighborhood with a rich history and many examples of classic New England architecture. There is a mix of (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)'s mansions and triple deckers from the 1920s. It borders South Boston and is within walking distance of two beaches as well as some nice biking paths; the historic Kennedy Library museum is nearby. We are at the top of the hill, so you can see the ocean from the yard, and we get ocean breezes all summer. My house was built in 1880 for the daughter of the farmer that owned the hill, and though the neighborhood is part of Boston, it still has a suburban feeling, with giant trees and plenty of yards. In past decades it has become home to immigrants as well as old New England families; about half the arrivals were from Ireland, but also some from Italy, Eastern Europe, Vietnam, the Carribean and Cape Verde. In winter we help eachother with shoveling snow; people stay a long time, as it is a pleasant place to live.
Jones Hill is a quiet, safe residential neighborhood with a rich history and many examples of classic New England architecture. There is a mix of (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)'s mansions and triple deckers from the 1920s. It borders South Boston and is within walking distance of two beaches as well as some nice biking paths; the historic Kennedy Library museum is nearby. We are at the top of the hill, so you can see the ocean from the yard, and we get ocean breezes all summer. My house was built in 1880 for the daughter of the farmer that owned the hill, and though the neighborhood is part of Boston, it still has a suburban feeling, with giant trees and plenty of yards. In past decades it has become home to immigrants as well as old New England families; about half the arrivals were from Ireland, but also some from Italy, Eastern Europe, Vietnam, the Carribean and Cape Verde. In winter we help eachother with shoveling snow; people stay a long time, as it is a pleasant place to live. 
Kind and quiet. Everything you need is here! The area is a peaceful part of Dorchester that includes a red line subway stop, shopping plaza, and UMass Boston University nearby. Ideal for the traveler, it's in the perfect spot to see Boston and Quincy.
Laundry Mat right next door.  Barber shop right next door.  Convenient store right next door  Train station is a 5 minute walk.  There's a bunch of food places near by, we can recommend you to a few, just let us know your preference on food and we'll let you know what the best place is.
Less than 2 mins to JFK/Umass station, free shuttle to Umass. 10 mins to Downtown Boston, 15 mins to MGH, 30 mins free shuttle to Longwood hospital ( Beth Isreal, Brigham & Woman)
Less than 2 mins to JFK/Umass station, free shuttle to Umass. 10 mins to Downtown Boston, 15 mins to MGH, 30 mins free shuttle to Longwood hospital ( Beth Isreal, Brigham & Woman) 
Literally a couple minute walk to the subway or bus, a couple minute drive to major highways for easy access - only about 10 minutes from Logan airport.  Plenty of small restaurants with delicious food around the area, and less than a mile to the heart of south boston, less than 3 miles to downtown Boston
Located within minutes of downtown Boston and Cambridge via the MBTA Subway. It is less than a half mile walk to either the Field's Corner or Ashmont station on the Red Line.  From either T-stop, you can be downtown in minutes Dorchester is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston.  Culturally diverse and vibrant, it is loaded with fabulous restaurants, many within walking distance.  Vietnamese, Chinese, Italian, Haitian, Jamaican, Irish (great Irish pubs nearby!)  .  There are also great gems like DBar just blocks away which is fabulous for cocktails and karaoke.
Located within minutes of downtown Boston and Cambridge via the MBTA Subway. It is less than a half mile walk to either the Field's Corner or Ashmont station on the Red Line. From either T-stop, you can be downtown in minutes Dorchester is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Boston. Culturally diverse and vibrant, it is loaded with fabulous restaurants, many within walking distance. Vietnamese, Chinese, Italian, Haitian, Jamaican, Irish (great Irish pubs nearby!) . There are also great gems like DBar just blocks away which is fabulous for cocktails and karaoke.
Mixed population, safe, convenient location, interesting history, beautiful Victorian homes in Wesley park, Melville st. Dorchester is a historic neighborhood of over 6 square miles in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The town was founded by Puritans who emigrated from Dorchester, England in 1630. It's not a wealthy area, has pockets with beautiful Victorian houses, like Melville st., Wesley Park.   This is a Beautiful Victorian house, built on 1848. And the addition, attached Townhouse was built on 1900’s
My home is located across from Dr. Loesch Family Park and in walking distance to a variety of restaurants and shops.
My home is located in a safe neighborhood in Dorchester, and my neighbors are friendly. There is available parking on my street with no restrictions except for street cleaning days on Wednesdays from the months of April-November from 8 am-12 pm. Walgreen's pharmacy, gas station, Dunkin Doughnuts, Star Market Grocery store, and places to eat are all within walking and driving distances from my home.
My place is in close proximity to retail stores, bars, restaurants and beaches. Minutes from Andrew station. From there, easy to get anywhere in Boston. Plenty of street parking.
Neighborhood is quiet, lots of families, very cozy.
Nice clean neighborhood with corner store minutes away,neighbors are very friendly
Nice houses, close to Ashmont & Shawmut T, safe.  Traditionally very Irish, and working class,  it is still, to a great extent, heavily Irish, atlhough as has happened in almost all neighborhoods in Boston, become gentrified, as people struggle to find affordable housing in Boston's pricey real estate market.   Restaurants, retail, health clubs are sprouting up all over the neighborhood.  Boston Sports Club just opened a new location down the street in Adams Village.
Nice quiet street, family oriented community close to public transportation. Walking distance to fine dining and entertainment
Ocean, greenery, parks, JFK library, Starbucks, close to T, beach, biking/ walking trail next to the water
Our neighborhood captures the incredible diversity that defines our city. It is a mix of Bostonians hailing from almost every corner of the globe you can think of: Vietnamese, Irish, Cape Verdean, Polish and Caribbean. We are at a close distance to the coastline (you can walk to the ocean in 15 minutes) and also located relatively close to other neighborhoods such as the South End and Chinatown. Restaurants in the area include: Modern American fare, Irish pubs, Indian/Cape Verdean/West Indian/Vietnamese/Polish cuisine, among other options. 
Our neighborhood is very friendly, green, quiet and diverse. The Harbor Board Walk starts just opposite the house which will give you the opportunity to walk along the beach, passing UMASS, the JFK Library all the way to Castle Island (10 km). During the summer, enjoy a boat ride departing directly opposite from UMASS to explore Boston Harbor every Monday at noon.  There is a supermarket (Star Market), as well as a great breakfast place (McKenna`s), Savin Scoop for your ice-cream cravings, Savin Hill Bar and Kitchen (SBK) for a delicious lunch or dinner or RideAid for your other needs within a short 15 min walk. There are two tennis courts just around the corner next to a park from which you will have great views of Boston´s skyline.
Our vacation condo is located in the historical, quaint community of Lower Mills, which is just south of downtown Boston and is only 20 minutes from Logan Airport. Within a 10-20 walk from your condo, in this little hamlet, is everything you might need during your stay: grocery store, bank, post office, pharmacy, library, parks, running and bicycle trails, local eateries and interesting shops. The beautiful Neponset River winds through the old buildings of the historical Baker's Chocolate Factory and across an old man-made dam which has created a lovely, captivating waterfall.  Still in service, one can even enjoy a short ride, back in time, on a yellow, trolley car.
Owner Occupied Neighborhood.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood. Near the house are ; an elementary school, a supermarket, a laundromat, many different kinds of restaurants. A large shopping area is also located near the subway station.  A diverse community that includes a large proportion of African-American, Hispanic, and Asian families, along with some young professionals.
Peaceful and orderly neighborhood. Near the house are ; an elementary school, a supermarket, a laundromat, many different kinds of restaurants. A large shopping area is also located near the subway station. Multi-cultural and mixed area with African-American, Hispanic, Vietnamese, White and Cape Verdian heritage.
Primarily residential, Jones Hill is a quiet retreat close to downtown Boston. Staying at The Jerome literally puts you on top of The Hill, with gorgeous views of the city and the water.  The neighborhood is full of history, which can be seen in the stunning single family and 3-unit Victorian homes being converted into condos. There are great food options nearby and via grubhub, and exploring Boston is super easy from The Jerome via taxi or train.
Quiet historic neighborhood of Boston. This house was built in the late 1800's and has maintained its original detail however with modern touches. In late 1800's this area was prominent with lawyers, doctors, architects and businessmen who desired easy access into the city financial district. Famous city of Boston architect Arthur H. Vinal, designed a majority of the houses in the area, with a Great Britain Queen Anne Victorian inspiration.  His own personal home that he designed is less than 2500 feet away! His house is along the famous Million Dollar Row/Melville Ave with other beautifully maintained Victorian homes. Currently, this is a diverse neighborhood of all ages and ethnic cultures.
Quiet neighborhood. Neighbors all know each other. They have all lived there for over 20 years. There are several convenient stores around the main road. 2 blocks from the police station. 10 minutes to Mattapan Sq. and Franklin Park Zoo.
Residential neighborhood with stores, recreational centers and public transportation within walking distance.
Safe, and quite!! My home is located on the border of Dorchester and South Boston. Southie is how it's called here in Boston!! Tree lined streets with several restaurants within walking distance. JFK library and Castle Island are in close proximity as well.
Savin Hill Neighborhood: Two Miles from dowtown Boston on the Ashmont Red Line Savin Hill Subway (T) stop. Savin Hill  is a quiet residential neighborhood in Dorchester.  There is a small retail district near the Subway T stop:  Mckennas (breakfast + lunch)  Scoops Ice Cream shop, Savin Hill Bar + Kitchen (drinks + dinner).  You are in the City - yet the neighborhood has a charming small town feel to it.
Savin Hill is a beautiful neighborhood with many gorgeous homes and a diverse population.  There is a Red Line T stop very close by which allows very easy access to downtown Boston and Cambridge.  There are several restaurants, a liquor store, a pharmacy, a beauty salon and an ice cream shop nearby.  A large supermarket is one stop away on the T, at the JFK/UMASS stop.  There is a Vietnamese grocery store nearby which has fresh produce and many other staples available.  There are also Vietnamese bakeries which have bread and French baguettes.
Savin Hill is a diverse, residential neighborhood with lots of families and trees. There are paths to jog or walk on the beach, easy access to bike rental, food shopping, restaurants, and coffee shops. The neighborhood has deep roots - people who come here, stay here. There are lots of large Victorian houses, two city parks, and a path along the harbor. We are a 10 minute walk from the local breakfast and lunch spot, McKenna's, and for dinner and drinks, Savin Kitchen. About a 20 minute walk away is Shanti, an Indian restaurant and Harp and Bard, an Irish Pub, serving the usual fare. The John F. Kennedy Library is located on the water, a very short walk away, as is the University of Massachusetts.
Savin Hill is a peninsula that juts into Boston Harbor.  The house is at the apex of the hill, about 110 feet above sea level, yet the harbor is a 5 minute walk down the hill.  There is a beach at the bottom of the hill with a wide walkway that connects to a 2 mile walkway that goes around Columbia Point, the location of UMass/Boston, the JFK Library, Edward Kennedy Institute for the Study of the Senate, and Massachusetts Archives.  Views from the top of the hill adjacent to the cottage are magnificent, with views out to the open ocean, to the Blue Hills south of the city and into downtown Boston.  There are nice amenities next to the subway station (a 5 minute walk), including a great breakfast place/cafe, an ice cream parlor and an excellent restaurant with bar.  5 minutes farther are a great Indian Restaurant, several Vietnamese and Chinese restaurants, a number of pubs, a laundermat, pharmacy, and other stores.  The closest supermarket is one subway stop away.  The Savin Hill neigh
Savin Hill is a well-kept secret in Boston. A family oriented neighborhood with a beach and an overlook park. It is located on the Red Line near UMass and only a few minutes into the heart of Boston or Cambridge. We are also convenient to the Airport Shuttle, JFK Library, and South Station train and bus terminals.
Savin Hill is close to everything! The red line brings you to downtown Boston in minutes. The neighborhood is on the water, and close to routes 93 and 90, making it easy to get in and out of the city. Just 15 minutes from Logan Airport.
Savin Hill is in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston. We are located Over-The-Bridge (OTB) in a very unique pocket of the city. There is free street parking close to the apartment. Some side streets are now resident only, but you will see the signs. There are several good restaurants/bars within walking distance: Savin Bar & Kitchen: (URL HIDDEN) McKenna’s Café: (URL HIDDEN) Harp & Bard: (URL HIDDEN) Shanti Indian: (URL HIDDEN) DBar: (URL HIDDEN) Pantry Pizza: (URL HIDDEN) The Banshee: (URL HIDDEN)
Sydney street is located 15 minutes south of Boston. 2 blocks from our house is the Red Line JFK/UMass T stop. Easy access to downtown Boston. We have free parking on our street from 6pm to 6 am Free weekends too. Private in garage parking is available for $25.00/night.
The accessibility to shops and T
The by the bay beauty
The following Points of Interest are among the many that are within 25 min drive or easily accessible via public transportation: - Airport - Downtown Boston - Copley/Prudential Center - Universities (MIT, Tufts, Harvard, BU, BC, UMASS Boston, Simmons, Berklee,  and so many more! - Museums  - South Bay Shopping Center - Marina Bay - Hospitals (Children's,  Brigham & Women's, Beth Israel, Tufts Medical Center, Boston Medical Center, Mass General)
The immediate area is all residential with working class, young professionals, recent and long-term residents. One-two blocks away there are restaurants, bars and shops. Just under 1 mile away are the white sands of Carson Beach (seasonal kayak and paddle board rentals) on Dorchester Bay (just south of Boston Harbor)! Before reaching the beach, there's a large park with public athletic fields, including a rubberized jogging track around an artificial turf soccer/football field, baseball/ softball diamonds and general open grassy fields for volleyball, Frisbee, etc. A little more than a mile away is the University of Massachusetts (U Mass) Boston and the John F. Kennedy (JFK) Presidential Library.
The neighborhood has really great neighbors . The unit is also minutes from Dwntown Boston. Also walking distance to busline, commuter rail , and red line MBTA Room comes with welcome packet which includes: Toothpaste &Toothbrush Face clothes  Shampoo Lotion Soap Room has convenient 24hr Check in
The neighborhood is an exciting one, with restaurants and bars nearby. Clearly a part of history, this home was built in 1895,
The neighborhood is convenient, diverse, safe and residential. It is very convenient to the subway (red line) and everything in Boston. Downtown Boston is direct and takes just about 15-20 minutes (subway or car ride).
The neighborhood is quiet and comfortable. Easy access to multiple parks, short distance to beaches and multiple options for public transport. Multiple modern restaurants with in walking distance. Also in walking distance, 24/7 bowling/pool hall, supermarkets, ice cream shops, parks, gyms and CVS pharmacy.
The neighborhood is student friendly, close to Umass Boston and Harbor point. Close to the bay, awesome for morning jogs or afternoon strolls + Awesome views of the shore in the morning and at sunset.
The nieghbor hood is historic and very diverse . the are many cultures  to choose from when comes down to eatries .
There are many affordable Vietnamese and Chinese restaurants along Dorchester Avenue and Adams Street, along with some burger and pizza joints, a nice gastro-pub called the Blarney Stone, and a Cafe called Chill on Park Street. There's a public library around the corner, a park/field/children's playground (bring your frisbee!), and a no-frills grocery store right where our street meets Dorchester Avenue. There is also a Subway (restaurant), convenience store, liquor store, and Dunkin Donuts two minutes away. The neighborhood is residential, located 6 miles from the downtown. The only major local attraction is the JFK Presidential Library, two subway stops North, facing the Ocean. This is a mixed neighborhood. As you will see on our street, there are some very nicely restored building with immaculate lawns, paint, and woodwork, adjacent to rental buildings that need cosmetic work. Overall, we are in the nicer, safer part of Dorchester (across the street from the local police station), b
There are many grocery stores and restaurants at Dorchester Ave. It is only two blocks away from 19 Newport Street. Cross JFK/UMass Station, you will see Star Market on your right. Take subway (one stop) toward Alewife Station toward Andrew Station Off Andrew Station and you will arrive in South Bay Center where you can find many big stories and restaurants.  Cross JFK/UMass Station, you walk around 10 minutes and you will see a beautiful beach.
There are several nice bars/restaurants in the nearby locality - The Banshee, Pantry Pizza, Savin Bar and Kitchen, The Harp and Bard.
There are some great restaurants here! Tavolo & Ashmont Grill are right around the corner and are delicious! Flat Black Coffee & Dunkin Donuts are also by Ashmont Station. On Fridays in the summer we have a nice Farmer's Market with local fruit, veggies, eggs & meat.  We are a 15 minute walk to Lower Mills, where there are more restaurant & cafe options.  There are tons of great Vietnamese restaurants closer to Fields Corner, Caribbean cuisine near Codman Square, and a few yummy breakfast spots too.  There are two public libraries, a CVS and a YMCA within walking distance.  There are a couple small grocery stores and several corner stores with staples and produce
Theres some very nice and delicious restaurants just a short walk away.
This Dorchester home is located across from Dr. Loesch Family Park and in walking distance to a variety of restaurants and shops.
This is a quiet, diverse owner occupied residential area, with beautiful Victorian houses and a peaceful park for the neighborhood children and a private elementary school near by that uses the park occasionally.   The Red line train is 2-3 minutes walk from the house and it takes 20 minutes to go to downtown Boston.    Its diversity translates into wonderful restaurants along "Dot" (Dorchester) Ave.  You'll find Indian, Irish, Vietnamese...just about every type of food you'd want like Ashmont Grill restaurant, Tavolo Restaurant, Dimitrios Restaurant, Starbucks, Duncan Donut and others which are close by on Dorchester Ave.
This is a quiet, diverse owner occupied residential area, with beautiful Victorian houses and a peaceful park for the neighborhood children and a private elementary school near by that uses the park occasionally.   The Red line train is 2-3 minutes walk from the house and it takes 20 minutes to go to downtown Boston.   Its diversity translates into wonderful restaurants along "Dot" (Dorchester) Ave.  You'll find Indian, Irish, Vietnamese...just about every type of food you'd want like Ashmont Grill restaurant, Tavolo Restaurant, Dimitrios Restaurant, Starbucks, Duncan Donut and others which are close by on Dorchester Ave.
This is a quiet, diverse owner occupied residential area, with beautiful Victorian houses and a peaceful park for the neighborhood children and a private elementary school near by that uses the park occasionally. The Red line train is 2-3 minutes walk from the house and it takes 20 minutes to go to downtown Boston.  Its diversity translates into wonderful restaurants along "Dot" (Dorchester) Ave.  You'll find Indian, Irish, Vietnamese...just about every type of food you'd want like Ashmont Grill restaurant, Tavolo Restaurant, Dimitrios Restaurant, Starbucks, Duncan Donut and others which are close by on Dorchester Ave.
This is close to downtown, but offers a quiet neighborhood, on the red line, 15 minutes away from Downtown crossing/Park Street door to door, 10 minute walk to the beach (Irish Riviera!), and 30min to Harvard/Central Square/Kendall. Go south towards Savin Hill for quaint shops, bars and cafes. The neighborhood is up an coming, but it is a residential area. Don't expect to stroll down the street for a quaint pedestrian experience. The strengths are the proximity to the red line (the most important subway!), south bay mall, the roof deck and the short walk to a huge beach and boardwalk.
This neighborhood is perfect for the all ages and lifestyles. We have access to bars, restaurants, museums, the beach, major highways and train stations all within walking distance.  We are located on a quiet street in the middle of everything.  There are also convenient stores, bars, and restaurants located on the same block.
This neighborhood is safe and semi quiet and friendly. There are several stores( Walgreens, Dunkin doughnuts, and mini markets) located within my neighborhood. We are minutes away from Franklin Park Zoo and Jamaica Pond. I have a lovely garden in my back yard as well as a basket ball court, and grill for the summer months.
Up and coming residential, working class neighborhood 20 minutes from downtown. Quiet, mixed race, families.
Urban multi ethnic neighborhood. Gay friendly.
Very convenient location
We are in then walkable Jones Hill section of Dorchester, a diverse neighborhood in the heart of Boston. Amenities a 10 min walk away include a breakfast spot favored by Mark Wahlberg (McKenna's), pubs and restaurants, and an ice cream shop.
We are very convenient to Downtown, and our neighborhood offers plenty of its own charm, as well. Close to Franklin Park, which features a public golf course and a popular zoo! Very diverse neighborhood with lots of ethnic dining options, plus typical American pub food.
We have a bunch of wacky and fun neighbors. You will feel safe and welcome.
We live in a particularly scenic area of Dorchester - Jones and Savin Hills - with beautiful houses and views down over Boston Harbor. Dorchester Avenue is a quick walk away and is full of good restaurants and bars.
We live in the St. Mark's neighborhood of Dorchester, named for the beautiful Catholic church right across the street, with bells that play in the early afternoon each day. The neighborhood has a farmer's market at Peabody Square on weekends and many great eats and parks nearby to relax.
We love the diversity of our neighborhood! There are many interesting restaurants in the area, from Vietnamese to Indian to Caribbean. We also love that the area is mainly residential but still has great access into the city.
We love the diversity of our neighborhood! There are many interesting restaurants in the area, from Vietnamese to Indian to Caribbean. We also love that the area is mainly residential but still has great access into the city. 
You are a few steps away from one of Boston's main roads to the city and metropolitan highways. Quiet neighborhood. Next door neighbors are sociable people. They love to gather after work and cook and tell stories.
You will reach a beach when you cross JFK station, and continue to walk north for 8-10 minutes.  Star Market, a supermarket is only 6-8 minutes away from the apartment. There are many restaurants in Dorchester Avenue, which is two blocks away.  You will arrive in South Bay shopping center when you take one stop to Andrew Station from JFK Station. Friendly and safe neighborhood with young professionals and college students.
安静漂亮
整洁,安静,安全,