-1 minute walk to the Blue Line T stations (Airport to the left and Maverick -closer to Boston- to the right) - 1 stop to North End and New England Aquarium -2 stops to downtown Boston -Beautiful Blue Park just 5 blocks away with best view of Boston. -Supermarket and Pharmacy just three blocks.  away -Laundry across the street -Many great restaurants in the area with all kinds of food.
5 Minutes Away from downtown Boston, 5 minute to Logan airport.
As the name implies, East Boston lies to the east of Boston proper, just across the harbor from the city center. Transportation to the heart of downtown is easy -- just one quick stop away on the blue line of the MBTA. Enjoy the best views of the Boston skyline from beautiful Piers Park, sample some delicious Australian fare at KO Pies, or try one of the dozens of Central and South American restaurants in the area. Jeffries Point, where my apartment is located, is a safe neighborhood with an up-and-coming vibe, populated by a diverse mix of residents -- from long-time Bostonians to newcomers from all over the world.
Best kept secret in Boston! Amazing food, parks, and more! My condo is close to the Blue Line, several large parks, the Chelsea Creek, and more! The supermarket is at the very end of the street basically and there's a convenience store half a block away.
Boston Harbor is only 3 blocks away with the best view of downtown, city-wide. And to explore downtown proper, one quick stop on the Blue Line will put you at Aquarium with then-easy walking access to the North End and/or Freedom Trail adventures!
Boston Harbor is only a 10 minute walk away with the best view of downtown, city-wide. And to explore downtown proper, two quick stops on the Blue Line will put you at Aquarium with then-easy walking access to the North End and/or Freedom Trail adventures! Easy access to all of Bostons great sites, the financial district, TD Garden, Boston Common, the public gardens, all Museums, the Boston neighborhoods (Back Bay, Newbury, Copley) and much more.
Close Proximity to downtown via the Airport Subway Station. I also enjoy eating at the very diverse restaurants including a Brazilian steakhouse, Oliveira's, as well as Santarpio's Pizza and Rino's Place both of which have been on numerous Food Network shows.  All of these restaurants are within less than 8 minute walk from our condo.
Convenient location to Logan airport and 2 stops away from Aquarium Station. Great parks and recreation, easy access to the beach. Variety of local restaurants, 24/7 convenient stores (CVS and Walgreens), grocery store (Shaw's).
Downtown (Aquarium) is at 10 min from the moment you leave the Hostel. There is private parking in the building, and the waterfront is just a block away!
East Boston (or "Eastie") is a neighborhood of immigrants, and is quickly developing into a hot spot for authentic Italian and latin cuisine, new condos, great walking parks, all with amazing public transportation.   If you are hungry for food nearby, be sure to check out Santarpio's pizza, two blocks away. It is a casual, cash-only hole in the wall that makes the best pizza in the whole city.  Taqueria Jalisco is two blocks away in the other direction, and they make amazing authentic tacos.  Rino's is fantastic upscale Italian, and a favorite of the Food Network, but you need to put your name on a list hours in advance if its the weekend.   The best breakfast can be found at Angela's Cafe, which makes awesome authentic mexican breakfast for good value.
East Boston (or "Eastie") is a neighborhood of immigrants, and is quickly developing into a hot spot for authentic Italian and latin cuisine, new condos, great walking parks, fantastic skyline views of the Boston Harbor, all with amazing public transportation.   If you are hungry for food nearby, be sure to check out Santarpio's pizza, two blocks away. It is a casual, cash-only hole in the wall that makes the best pizza in the whole city.  Taqueria Jalisco is two blocks away in the other direction, and they make amazing authentic tacos.  Rino's is fantastic upscale Italian, and a favorite of the Food Network, but you need to put your name on a list hours in advance if its the weekend.   The best breakfast can be found at Angela's Cafe, which makes awesome authentic mexican breakfast for good value.
East Boston Originally a center of shipbuilding, East Boston has always been a neighborhood of immigrants. Today its population is made up largely of Italian-Americans and immigrants from Central and South America and Southeast Asia. That diversity is reflected in the neighborhood's myriad of ethnic restaurants. The nation's first branch library was built in East Boston in 1870. The housing is a mixture of old and new, including many restored triple-deckers.  Logan Airport, is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around the world. Located across Boston Harbor, East Boston residents enjoy fantastic waterfront views of the city skyline. From here you can easily get to downtown by taking blue line(two stops), and airport(one stop).
East Boston Originally a center of shipbuilding, East Boston has always been a neighborhood of immigrants. Today its population is made up largely of Italian-Americans and immigrants from Central and South America and Southeast Asia. That diversity is reflected in the neighborhood's myriad of ethnic restaurants. The nation's first branch library was built in East Boston in 1870. The housing is a mixture of old and new, including many restored triple-deckers. Logan Airport, is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around the world. Located across Boston Harbor, East Boston residents enjoy fantastic waterfront views of the city skyline. (website hidden)
East Boston has the largest Latino community in the city and is one of the few places that still looks like old Boston (most films about the city are set here). It's also been a historically Italian community and many of them have stuck around. These means there is plenty of genuine, quality food with the old community vibe. East Boston is one of the upcoming neighborhoods so there has been a lot of redevelopment. There are new parks, libraries, gyms, etc.
East Boston is a fast growing diverse neighborhood. Located on the Blue Line of the "T", it is a quick trip to downtown and very close to the airport. Perfect location for travelers.  East Boston is home to some of the best restaurants in Boston. The famous "Santarpios Pizza" is widely considered to have the best pizza in the city, and "Rino's Place" is probably the best Italian restaurant in the city. East Boston is also home to many unique Latin food markets and small pupusarias.
East Boston is a great cultural center. As with many other places in the city it is not recommended that you wander around late at night. We have never had any safety problems here.
East Boston is convenient to everything and has a true melting pot of people and cultures. Within 2 blocks of my condo you'll find amazing Italian food, fabulous tacos, great Peruvian, Chinese, Colombian fast food and so much more. East Boston is also home to some wonderful green spaces and some of the best Boston skyline views around!
East Boston is full of history and great people! It is the original Ellis Island of Boston, and was once the shipbuilding capital of the country. We love walking along the waterfront, past sailboats, through a working shipyard full of art, and past award winning parks like Piers Park where there's free concerts in the summer. East Boston also has some great restaurants: KO Pies in the shipyard has authentic Australian meat pies, and great beer on tap. La Sanghita is steps away, with vegan and gluten free options, and some of the best local fresh food we've tasted! Or walk out to the Hyatt and enjoy a cocktail outside on their patio, as ships pass by under your nose. Try Italian Express for pizza and Italian specialties that Guy Fiori raves about! Maverick Square has authentic Mexican and Italian food, and this is all within walking distance. The convenience of East Boston to Logan airport is also an important feature. We walk to terminal A and the rental car center.   For public transp
East Boston is the popping cultural center for a large mainly Spanish community. There are many great Mexican restaurants (Angela's Cafe is a personal favorite). Because the airport has brought East Boston lots of new revenue, there are lots of beautiful parks and a new public library.
East Boston, commonly referred to as Eastie, is a quiet and well located Boston neighborhood. The Logan Airport is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around the world. Located across the Boston Harbor, East Boston residents enjoy fantastic waterfront views of the city skyline.
East Boston, commonly referred to as Eastie, is a quiet and well located Boston neighborhood. The Logan Airport, is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around the world. Located across Boston Harbor, East Boston residents enjoy fantastic waterfront views of the city skyline.
East Boston, or "Eastie", is the hidden gem of Boston neighborhoods. The Blue Line is the most regular of all the lines in the city. The views of the Boston Skyline from across the harbor are unbeatable, and there are parks everywhere. best of all is the local food. East Boston is home to the most authentic latin food in the whole city. Pueblo Viejo is where to get the most amazing pupusas. The tacos and tres leches at Jalisco are straight out of Mexico. Rino's Italian restaurant is a favorite of the food network. and of course--Santarpio's Pizza is by far the best pizza in Boston. All of these places are within walking distance.
East Boston, or Eastie, is the most diverse and eclectic of Boston's neighborhoods hosting a variety of restaurants, parks, and easy access to downtown Boston and Logan Airport.  It's sort of a hidden-gem and maintains a strong community feel but boasts Boston's best parks, running paths, and arts scene down at the shipyard.
Great neighbors, close to the water.
If you want convenience to Boston this is the listing for you!  Our neighborhood is a highly sought after up and coming area.  You can't ask for a better area in which you have instant access to many boston water front and skyline views.  Just take a walk or morning jog along the boston harborwalk, the shipyard or the famous award winning Piers Park. These parks offer public tennis, basketball, hockey and racket ball courts.  There is even sailing and lessons available during summer months.  There are a variety of wonderful local restaurants within walking distance. And did we mention we are minutes from Boston Logan airport and just a cab, water shuttle or train ride away from downtown boston! There is even a beach to access in a short bus or cab ride.  Whether your here on vacation, for business or to access our very many famous hospitals such as the Massachusetts General,  you will be amazed at the beautiful and accessible location our rental offers.  And of course you will have som
It is a family neighborhood, very safe and quiet. Not a party house.
It is a very peaceful and quiet neighborhood; mainly families live here. There are two nice parks in the vicinity, which have a wonderful view to downtown Boston.
It is safe and quiet both day and night, family friendly, and Close to everything you need Each client receives bedding washed and clean steam
It's a very diverse neighborhood, mainly Latino. We are blessed with many delicious places to eat & great bars that are fairly cheap in price.  Super safe and lively.
It's a vibrant neighborhood by the ocean which offers many local Colombian and Italian restaurants
Jeffries Point is one of Boston’s best-kept secrets, with spectacular views of the Boston Skyline, tons of green space, convenient public transportation and authentic restaurants and food options.  The neighborhood is quiet and friendly, with dog parks, basketball courts, and community gardens providing opportunities to relax outside. There are restaurants, bakeries and coffee shops.
Just 5 minutes from the airport by car and one stop (5 minutes) on the blue line T from Maverick Station to the Historic North End, you'll have your own entrance and key. The ocean is only 3 blocks away with phenomenal views of the city and a large park just down the street. There is a ZipCar rental next door and a convenience store that is open until 12am on weekdays, and some amazing delivery food options in the area!
Located in a very secure and gated marina, our houseboat is just minutes away from downtown Bostons` most popular attractions; Fanueil Hall/Quincy Market, the North End, the New England Aquarium, the Childrenïs` Museum and the Boston Convention Center. Our convenient location makes it easy for you reach points of interest along the waterfront. Go ahead and rent or bring your car, this rental has a FREE parking space for it! This is unheard of in Boston! This marina is located in the up and coming East Boston Neighborhood of Boston. It is minutes away from the airport, and dozens of great restaurants and shops. There is a grocery store less than a half mile away, and a convenience store on the corner. We partner with Rowes Wharf Water Transport to provide a reduced rate water taxi service to the guests of our boats into Rowes Wharf in Downtown Boston. Our guests can utilize this service for $25/pp round trip. This quick 25 minute ride puts you right in the center of all there is to do i
Located in the heart of Boston's Latin community, you have access to 24 hour convenience stores, amazing Colombian, Mexican, Brazilian cuisine and an excellent Irish Pub called Kelley's just one block away. Boston's most voted best pizza restaurant "Santarpio's" is only a 7 minute walk away. The neighborhood is a safe inner city urban setting.
Lovely neighborhood. Very family oriented, and much quieter than if you were to stay directly in the city. Beautiful skyline view of the city with a dock right in front of the house. Very clean and safe.
Many pilots live on the town, Very professional neighbors YMCA very near 5 min with nice park Nice library
My neighborhood is close to the city, lots of multicultural people and there is a lot near us convent stores, restaurants, coffee shops, supermarkets, retail shops and also transportation to the city
My neighborhood is so diverse. We have great food on every corner. It is a very safe area.
Only a 10 min walk from the condo to the subway station, you'll pass many Hispanic and Italian restaurants with great food.  In a 5 min walk you'll find a grocery store, coffee shops, bank etc.  East Boston's waterfront has the best views of the city in the day and night!  My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers and small families.
Orient Heights is a family-friendly, residential neighborhood in East Boston. Don't miss the Madonna Shrine two streets up, with great city views!
Orient Heights is a small neighborhood focused around its Train Station. There's a Rite-Aid Pharmacy, small supermarket, famous Italian Deli! Restaurants include Colombian Steakhouse, Vietnamese, Italian, Japanese and a traditional American breakfast cafe. Constitution beach park is only a 5 minute walk away.
Originally a center of shipbuilding, East Boston has always been a neighborhood of immigrants. Today its population is made up largely of Italian-Americans and immigrants from Central and South America and Southeast Asia. That diversity is reflected in the neighborhood's myriad of ethnic restaurants. The nation's first branch library was built in East Boston in 1870. The housing is a mixture of old and new, including many restored triple-deckers. Logan Airport, is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around the world. Located across Boston Harbor, East Boston residents enjoy fantastic waterfront views of the city skyline.
Originally a center of shipbuilding, East Boston has always been a neighborhood of immigrants. Today its population is made up largely of Italian­Americans and immigrants from Central and South America and Southeast Asia. That diversity is reflected in the neighborhood's myriad of ethnic restaurants. The nation's first branch library was built in East Boston in 1870. The housing is a mixture of old and new, including many restored triple­deckers. Logan Airport, is located here, making East Boston a gateway to people from around. Each client receives bedding washed and clean steam One block from home YMCA With nice park
Our city is an island and it has beautiful views to the downtown  Boston.
Peaceful quiet neighborhood off the main street. Private Condo Complex, building less than 10 years old. I am central to most traveling and transportation necessities, Shaw's Grocery Store, CVS Pharmacy (24 hours)
Safe; no Crime; Great professional families 
The area is a safe diverse working class neighborhood.  Waterfront is in the working end of the harbor.
The best things about Eastie are the restaurants and the HUGE 18 acre urban park known as "Bremen Street Park"  Be sure to check out Santarpio's Pizza, Spinelli's Bakery, Taqueria Jalisco's Mexican Restaurant, Rino's Italian Restaurant, Belle Isle Seafood, Oliveira's Brazilian Steak House.
The food in the neighborhood is fantastic and super authentic.   I'm also a Boston connoisseur, so I'd be more that happy to give you recommendations based on your preferences
The location of our apartment makes it feasible to live and work in Boston without a car. We love the neighborhood restaurants and the easy access to the T.
The neighborhood is great because it's accessible to everything! If you're taking a day trip by car the rental facility is in waking distance and the major highways are a 5 minute drive away. If you want to explore downtown Boston by foot, the Blue Line subway is only a 7 minute walk and you'll be downtown within 10-15 minutes of leaving the house. There's a stunning park only a 5 minute walk away as well (Piers Park) which boasts breathtaking views of the city! The accessibility of this location makes it very easy to get anywhere you want while still minimizing how much you have to deal with city traffic.
There are many good restaurants or quick bites nearby. Roy's deli is a block over on Marion street and is a must visit. Jalisco's has won best tacos in Boston and they continue excelling with their Mexican food. You also have Lolly's bakery across the street where you ll find a large variety of sweets as well as coffee or cake.  There is a smaller supermarket directly across the street from the studio. There is also a good barber shop located two doors over. Salons located along Bennington street. A Walgreens and a CVS located 2-3 blocks in the same direction off Bennington street.  There is a running path to Piers park which provides a great view of the Boston sky line and large public space to hang out in the grass or picnic tables.
There is 2 hr parking spaces in front of the house. couple of streets around the block that are unlimited parking on street ( first come first serve )  East Boston is a really wonderful neighborhood. It is extremely safe and it gives visitors a good opportunity to visit Boston while feeling like a local. I am always accessible via email, text, etc. and are more than happy to help with directions or suggestions.  The Neighborhood We love our neighborhood! Our neighborhood has many authentic and delicious Italian and Latin American restaurants among others. Several restaurants have been featured on "Dine-ins Drive Thrus and Dives" and the Phanton Gourmet. A supermarket and CVS are walking distance away. Getting Around We are 5-7 minutes walk from two subway stations on the Blue Line (Maverick Station and Airport Station). It is just one stop to downtown Boston, the North End, the Aquarium and the financial district. Our closest subway stops are also only 2 stops away from the Orange Line
This is a very diverse neighborhood with lots A listing restaurants which are only walking distance form the place. Rino's (great italian, Guy Fieri Award) Santarpio's Pizza Ecco Kelley Square Pub D'Parma Hong Kong has great Chinese food (best crab rangoons in Boston) Dough the best sandwiches (try the Vermonter) Read their reviews and you'll be convinced they are a must try. Besides the harbor walk there are are a few parks near the premises.  Recently renovated Lo Presti park offers soccer and basketball courts and Pier's park offers a nice and relaxing, family/kid friendly park.  View of the city, the sail boats from the East Boston Shipyard Marina, and the USS Constitution in Charlestown can be viewed from the parks or the apartment.  Proud to say that movies featuring Mel Gibson, Denzel Washington, Jonny Dep have been filmed in front of the building or the area.
This neighborhood is unique because it is so close to the city, but just out of the hustle and bustle.  A block from the unity is a family oriented park with a pier and a location for sail lessons. This view (pictured) is the entire skyline of the city.  Near that there is a marina that holds an Australian based restaurant that has jenga and corn hole. Perfect place to spend time with family and friends.
Upcoming, fast developing neighborhood with unicorn local shops and restaurants. Next to waterfront park overlooking Boston harbor
Very quiet neighborhood. If you a fan of South American cuisine, you are in a perfect place. There are so many restaurants that you can pick from. Also, you will find one of the most famous pizza places in Boston - Santarpio's.
Walk to many restaurants, walk to beach, walk to bus or to Blue Line. Five blocks to Wood Island Station or take bus 120 ( every 20 minutes from corner of Bennington and Byron Street to Wood Island Station). The neighborhood is multicultural. You will hear many languages spoken and enjoy food from many cultures. There is a little park with benches diagonal from the house. Walk down Byron Street to get to Constitution Beach (five blocks). There are tennis courts, walkway, benches, playgrounds. It looks out to the runway at Logan. In the evening you can watch the International flights lined up for takeoff and lift off. On the ocean, a rare day in summer we are not cooled by the ocean breeze. Logan Airport is our largest neighbor but the planes go in and out over the ocean and flights are restricted in the night.  There is a 7 Eleven small convenience store one minute away. On the desk is a list of grocery stores. One block away is a small deli that has great Italian food. On the desk in 
We are extremely close to the Airport (10 minute walk to the shuttle), a 7 minute walk to 2 train stations (Wood Island and Airport) and a 10 minute train ride to Boston's most popular tourist areas. 5 minute driving distance to beaches.
We are in the Jeffries Point area of East Boston.  We are next to the airport and within 20 mins of downtown Boston using public transportation, less if driving.  This is a very family friendly neighborhood.  There is a tennis court and hockey court down the street.  There are 4/5 parks within 5 min walk.  A saling center, which offer sailing lessons and rentals is within a 10 minute walk. There are also multiple restaurants withing walking distance (KO pies, Pizzeria express, La Sanghita, the Hyatt, etc).  
We are located in East Boston in the Jeffries Point area. We are a 10 minute walk to the car rental terminal of Logan Airport where you can catch a free shuttle to the other terminals, and a 10 minute walk to the Maverick train station. In Maverick Sq there are lots of shops and restaurants, and there are also a few cafes close by, including ours which is just up the street! :)
We are located in the up and coming Boston Neighborhood of East Boston.
We are located in the up and coming neighborhood of East Boston. With quick access to downtown, this area is quickly becoming a hot spot across the harbor from Boston Proper.
We are located less than 5 minutes from the Boston International Airport and 15 from the bus and train station. Also, near the house is a subway station, water taxi and bus stop. 5 minutes walk from my house we have one of the most beautiful parks in the city that gives the option to exercise, walk, sail or just relax looking over Boston's harbor. One block from the house is the "harbor walk" that gives you a relaxing space to walk 1 mile while contemplating the view of Boston. At the beginning of the "harbor walk" there are tennis and basketball courts.  We have all kind of restaurants around, a lot of them offers a variety of ethnic food. Just in the corner of the house you can enjoy La Sanghita Café, our workers' owed cooperative that offers all kind of healthy organic food.
We cannot overstate the convenience of this location!
We live in the Eagle Hill neighborhood of East Boston. It's an up and coming, diverse, family friendly neighborhood with great parks and easy access to the water. Our neighborhood is safe, but lacks the beauty and charm of other neighborhoods. It is not a lively neighborhood in the sense that there is a lot to see and do, but it's only two subway stops to downtown Boston (and a fraction of the price of staying in downtown Boston). You will need to depend on public transportation or taxis/ubers to go from our neighborhood to downtown Boston as there is no pedestrian access over the harbor that separates our neighborhood from downtown.  Logan International Airport is located in East Boston, and sometimes you'll hear planes flying overhead. Earplugs are provided in your room.  Overall, we're a conveniently located neighborhood close to the city center, but you'll want to do most of your exploring outside of our neighborhood.
We love our neighborhood! Our apartment is 6-8 minutes walking distance to 2 stops on the Blue Line (Airport and Maverick) making it a short train ride (or drive) away to downtown Boston, the financial district, and the Seaport and only 2 stops away from the Orange Line (State Street) where you can transfer and get to Newbury Street, Back Bay, Copley Sq., the Museum of Fine Arts, TD Garden, Boston Commons, the Public Garden and many more places, in just a few stops. Our neighborhood is very diverse and has many authentic and delicious Italian and Latin American restaurants among others. Several restaurants have been featured on "Dine-ins Drive Thrus and Dives" and the Phanton Gourmet. A supermarket and CVS are walking distance away. Taxis, Uber/Lyft and zipcars are available as well.
We love our neighborhood! Our neighborhood has many authentic and delicious Italian and Latin American restaurants among others. Several restaurants have been featured on "Dine-ins Drive Thrus and Dives" and the Phanton Gourmet. A supermarket and CVS are walking distance away.
We're unbelievably close to both Boston Logan International Airport and the train station!
What do I like about our neighborhood? The close proximity, easy acess to the heart of Boston, the beautiful views of the harbor and skyline, the well maintained parks, the eclectic mix of european, south american and asian immigrants.. their restaurants and stores.  We are smack dab in the middle of a national historical district.. the references to the revolutionary and civil wars, native indians etc are everywhere.
Working class neighborhood. I have been here for 12 years now. Very nice walking distance to banks. Restaurants, convince stores, famous Mexican restaurant straight across from the apartment best food in the planet!!!!!!. Free shuttle to login airport at the side walk in front of the apartment. Beautiful park at the airport train station  2-3 min walk on same street as the apartment. Wait for the bus looking out the window I am 5-6 minutes walk from the Blue Line Airport Station. It is just two  stops to downtown Boston, the North End, the Aquarium and the financial district. Our closest subway stops are also only 2 stops away from the Orange Line (State Street) where you can transfer and get to Newbury Street, Back Bay, Copley Sq., the Museum of Fine Arts, TD Garden, Boston Commons, the Public Garden and many more places, in just a few stops. Uber and lifts are plentiful as well. By subway:  -Boston Logan Airport (after you hop on the free airport shuttle, we're 5 minutes walk away!) 
You will be staying in the master bedroom of our two bedroom apartment. We are about a 3 minute walk to the train station, convenient stores, and great restaurants. Our neighborhood is safe and quiet, filled with both families and young professionals like ourselves.
°Beautiful neighborhood °Bursting with foot traffic  °Safe  °8 min walk to Airport Station