1 min walk to City Feed (a little coffee and sandwich shop). 10-15 min walking distance to restaurants, grocery stores (Whole Food, CVS, Stop&Shop).
A minute's walk from Centre St and its great restaurants, steps from Jamaica Pond and the lush parks of the Emerald Necklace. Located right between the two main commercial areas of downtown Jamaica Plain and Hyde Square.  Turn left for Chinese, Dominican, Spanish and Scottish food and Irish pub.  Go right for Fine Dining, burritos, ice cream, and more Irish pubs. A sampling:  - Ten Tables - just two blocks away; food is mostly locally sourced and exquisitely prepared. Magic cocktails. Fine dining with a neighborhood vibe. - Tapas Bar & Record Store: Tres Gatos  - Italian: Centre St Café - Burgers & Beer: Grass Fed  - Pubs: The Haven (Scottish food and fine ales); Brendan Behan (Irish pub, bring your own food); Galway House (inexpensive, huge beer list, good food, open till 2am every night)  - Brunch: Sorella's, Tres Gatos, Centre St Café - Outdoor seating in nice weather: Tres Gatos, Canary Square - Coffee and gourmet sandwiches: City Feed and Supply; 9 Pond  - Ice Cream: JP Licks' fla
Ahhh...Jamaica Plain, Boston. This is (honestly) the nicest, most eclectic, beautiful, and interesting section of the city. Lots of green, interesting architecture, parks, the Emerald Necklace bike and walking path, Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, excellent public transportation, sweet driving, easy parking, kid, elderly, and diversity friendly, along with restaurants that range from local health food to ethnic delights, and everything in between. The thing I love about my neighborhood is that no matter who you are, what language you speak, what job you do, your political inclinations, your passions & interests, your degree of desire for interaction, your economic circumstance, the purpose of your visit, or any other defining characteristic, you will never be the 'only one'. Stand at the Stony Brook Train station (4 minute walk) and you'll see briefcases and suits on their way to the financial district, moms with strollers, dog walkers with leashes, artists with portfolios, builders wi
Airbnb's tagline for Jamaica Plain is "Green Spaces and great ice cream."  There's definitely no shortage of these by our home. Green St. station on the Orange line is steps away.  Great bakeries/cafes within a block.  Check out La Rana Rosa or Canto 6 for excellent baked goods and a cup of Joe.  0.5 mile from the bustling Centre St. in downtown JP, our condo sits in a quiet neighborhood.  JP pond and Franklin Park are not far either!  All the convenience of living in the city but with a more residential feel!  If you need supplies for cooking City Feed and Supply (a neighborhood favorite) is right off of Centre St.  Stop by legendary JP Licks for some ice cream on the way back.
All within walking distance: Eclectic restaurants, local shops, specialty grocery stores, Pharmacy, the Jamaica Pond, Arnold Arboretum, Sam Adams Brewery, Fenway Park, Forest Hills cemetery. Great place for families!
Amazing neighborhood with lots of restaurants, bars, independent shops, and galleries around the corner. Jamaica Plain, or JP, is home to the Sam Adams brewery with daily tours, the Footlight Community Theater (oldest in US) around the corner, three farmers markets, and fantastic outdoor attractions. The Jamaica Pond --with sailing and kayaking available -- is a 5-minute walk away. There is a bike sharing hub 1-minute away. The 250-acre Arnold Arboretum is a 5-minute walk away. Easy access to Fenway Park and downtown Boston. GLBTQ friendly.
Being right across from the T, our area is busy and diverse. Our actual street though is tucked away on quiet hill that is closed to through traffic.
Boston's best neighborhood, no question! Green space with the Arnold Arboretum and Jamaica Pond. Great bars and restaurants. A blossoming art and cycling community. Easy driving, Hubway, or MBTA access to downtown.
Boston,s Jamaica Plain is a warm welcoming community with something for everyone in your party, were spoilt for choice in restaurants and fun shops all within walking distance from the house
Centrally located in the heart of Boston with close proximity to public transportation anywhere you want to go in the city.
Close to center street where all the fun shops and restaurants are. We live right across the Aboretum Park.
Commonly called JP, Jamaica Plain combines enchanting outdoor respites with 19th century triple-decker apartments, homegrown restaurants and parlors, and casual dives. The neighborhood’s mild-mannered community can be found mingling in their beloved public green spaces, Jamaica Pond and Arnold Arboretum. Despite its robust natural attractions, this neighborhood seldom feels crowded. Looking for fast paced urban environs? The rush of Downtown is just a half hour T-ride away.
Diverse in culture!
Diverse. Residential yet urban. Quiet safe neighborhood. Trees and green space. Pedestrian proximity to stores, restaurants, and public transportation.
Downtown Jamaica Plain is a delight with plenty of excellent restaurants and unusual stores.  The Arboretum, Franklin Park, or Forest Hills cemetery are a must if you enjoy a  good walk or bird watching.
EXTREMELY safe and 2-min walking distance to Forest Hills Orange Line T-Stop. Awesome restaurants, bars, and an organic grocery store at the end of the street. VERY easy to get anywhere in Boston (All universities, 15-minute T-ride to downtown Boston). It is also walking distance to the Franklin Park Zoo and Sam Adams Brewery. Great places to walk and run (Aboretum, Forest Hills Cemetery, and Jamaica Pond)
Enjoy your stay in the best neighborhood in Boston. Jamaica Plain is known for its beautiful streets, lush gardens, green public spaces, top-notch restaurants & night-life. It's quiet, peaceful, safe, and fun. I'll leave you with maps, and pointers for local businesses to check out.
Everyone loves JP (Jamaica Plain). It's the hip, artistic, organic food-loving, liberal neighborhood of the city. "The Brooklyn of Boston".  The very divinely specific location of my home is equi-distant from all the essentials; the Harvest Food Market, Public Transit, The JP Pond (row boat rentals are only $5!) Blanchard's Liquor store, all the cool restaurants and coffee shops on Centre Street. The 39 Bus picks up at the end of the street and takes you straight to the heart of downtown Boston in Copley Square. You can also walk to the subway's Orange Line and cruise the city's via train. (Amtrak connects to Boston at the Orange line's Back Bay station)
Everything wonderful about Jamaica Plain is accessible from this location - nightlife, cafes, parks, record stores... If you are new to Boston, this is a wonderful neighborhood to start exploring! It has very much its own character, but also getting to downtown and other central locations in Boston is super easy and fast!
Fantastic location in the heart of The Brewery district. Safe neighborhood, steps away from the Stony Brook T stop with access to all of Boston. Walking distance to shops, markets, and some really great restaurants. Jamaica Plain is known for its concentration of greenspace. Rent a bike and explore the Southwest Corridor or take a ride to Jamaica Pond or the Arnold Arboretum. Runners, rollerbladers, cyclists, and walkers will find miles of paved paths just outside the front door. Diamond House is minutes away from:   * Downtown Bosto(URL HIDDEN)The Longwood Medical Are(URL HIDDEN)The Museum of Fine Art(URL HIDDEN)Northeastern Universit(URL HIDDEN)Faneuil Hal(URL HIDDEN)Fenway Park
From the Boston Globe; JAMAICA PLAIN — There’s nothing ordinary about Jamaica Plain, or JP as it’s called, a dynamic Boston neighborhood located southwest of downtown. The commercial district, along Centre and South streets, reflects Jamaica Plain’s eclectic community of artists, writers, musicians, activists, young families, and indie-business owners. Fine dining and casual restaurants serve foods of Cuba, Scotland, India, Lebanon, Cambodia, Japan, and other international fare. Boutiques sell everything from kitchen gadgets to funky vintage attire to one-of-a-kind artisan crafts. (URL HIDDEN)
Funky! Vibrant! Artsy! Hip! Green! Great thrift stores! Gorgeous parks! A pond you can walk/jog around or go sailing/rowing in! A hat store, Salmagundi's, not to be missed: it's rated the best in the country! Arnold Arboretum, Harvard's amazing tree collection and park! Forest Hills, a stunningly landscaped cemetery full of history, makes a lovely walk/jog. e.e. cummings is buried there! Great restaurants! Friendly folks! 
Great blend of urban fun and green space
Great location in a diverse, artsy neighborhood, across the street from the SouthWest Corridor park and a stone's throw to playgrounds, tennis and basketball courts, skate park, and a bike path into downtown Boston. Only a minute walk to the Stony Brook train station on the Orange line (one of the 2 fastest lines in Boston's public transportation system, the 'T') or the Brewery buildings that host Ula Cafe, Mike's Fitness JP, Tony Williams Dance Center, Sam Adams Brewery, Bella Luna Restaurant, and The Milky Way Lounge. Also convenient to WikidFit Personal Training Studio, Yachris Market, City Feed, grocery stores, and other attractions such as  Hyde Square, Jamaica Pond and local Jamaica Plain businesses. Brookline, Cambridge, Dorchester, Hyde Park, Roslindale, Roxbury, and West Roxbury are also close (website hidden) is a great place to hang out in itself but is an extremely convenient base for Boston vacationing.  This is an ideal location for tourists but also for doctors, research
Great restaurants, shopping, libraries, organic markets, GREAT arboretum for long walks, jamaica pond, 1.5 miles from longed medical area(feat hospitals.
Hailing from the more suburban "South Shore" of Boston, I love the fact that we are technically located in the city, and just a very short drive from most points of interest, but it feels as if we are in a small suburban town when you turn onto our street. More generally, Jamaica Plain is an up-and-coming part of Boston filled with young and progressive people. Whether you want to attend a political rally, a poetry reading, or visit an organic urban farm, JP always delivers! Cooking will be allowed, but if, as expected, you go out to try local restaurants, Jamaica Plain is known to have some of the finest and most unique dining experiences in the Greater Boston area. From traditional American to tapas, JP truly has restaurants covered.
Hip and trendy, artistic, Jamaica Plain is the best neighborhood in Boston! Jamaica Plain has beautiful Victorian architecture, cool restaurants, coffee shops, pubs, shopping, galleries, live music, yoga centers, farmers markets, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, bike paths and is completely LGBT and dog friendly. It is surrounded by Boston's best and biggest parks, Arnold Arboretum, The Pond, the Orange Line Corridor Park and Franklin Park. Home of the Sam Adams Brewery, and the Historic Lorraine Greenough House which both give tours.
I love JP for its mix of restaurants and shops, the Pond and the Arboretum, and for the many cultural and educational opportunities that it has to offer.
I love JP with all the trees, green areas, the pond, cool restaurants and friendly neighbors. It is just a great place to live in!
I love that you can walk to buy anything you need in one direction (including great coffee) and if I head the other direction I can walk around Jamacia Pond designed by Olmstead or be in 365 acres of the Arnold Arboretum. 
I love that you can walk to buy anything you need in one direction (including great coffee) and if I head the other direction I can walk around Jamacia Pond designed by Olmstead or be in 365 acres of the Arnold Arboretum. OR I can jump on a train and be downtown Boston. 
I love the JP (Jamaica Plain) area. We live steps from the center of town. There's tons of international food options as well as a sub shop, hamburger joint, JP Licks Ice cream (which you should not miss). We even have a grass feed restaurant. close by. All the is if you turn left outside our front door. If you turn right, there is a cupcake store, dog store, Coop grocery and a wonderful cafe.
I moved from Park Slope, Brooklyn to JP, Boston two years ago. People told me that JP is Boston's Brooklyn. It's true! Trendy, slight Bohemian, definitely Feel the Bern hipster, JP is a much smaller Brooklyn. You'll love it!  Centre Street, the main drag where all the action happens, is a five minute walk. Downtown Boston is a 20 minute ride on the orange line from Green Street, which is also a five a minute ride.
I'm really lucky to live in a neighborhood that has monthly home-owners association meetings.  Most homes are owner occupied and the street is well-maintained.  The street empties into a park so there is no thru traffic.
I'm really lucky to live in neighborhood that has a monthly home-owners association meeting.  Most homes are owner occupied. The street ends at park so there is no through traffic.
If you're staying in JP you probably know the drill: cafês, good food, easy public transit, delightful parks and enough dogs and babies to keep you people watching all day. Don't forget JP Licks (ice cream), City Feed (local food/sandwiches/market) and the Sam Adams Brewery (beer).
In the city of Boston, 4 stops on the T from downtown. Green Spaces: Jamaica Plain, often referred to in the 19th century as 'the Eden of America,' is one of the greenest neighborhoods in the city of Boston. The community contains or is bordered by a number of jewels of the Emerald Necklace park system designed in the 19th century by Frederick Law Olmsted: Olmsted Park, from Route 9 at the Riverway south to Perkins Street, including Leverett Pond, Willow Pond, and Ward's Pond... Jamaica Pond has 60 acres ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)) of surface area and is the largest and deepest body of fresh water in Boston... Arnold Arboretum is a 265-acre (1.1 km2) world-renowned plant collection maintained by Harvard University, and contains Peter's Hill, the highest elevation in Jamaica Plain at 235 feet (72 m)... Franklin Park is a 527-acre (2.1 km2) park (the largest in the city) and holds the Franklin Park Zoo (the largest zoo in New England), White Stadium and the William J. Devine Golf Course. Pub
In under 5 minutes walking, you have Whole Foods, a set of nice neighborhood bars, 3 excellent coffee shops, beautiful, open park space, and many restaurants of all varieties.
Incredible restaurants very close. Two of the best ice cream parlora in Boston too! Jamaica pond is a 2 minute walk away. Great people in the neighborhood. Secluded, but close enough to liveliness.
Its a nice neighborhood there is a convenient store a block from here 10 min walk to t Forrest hill cemetery is beautiful walk and to do yoga.
JP folks are artsy, diverse, friendly-- will say hello to you on street. Walkable liveable neighborhood.  Green space is wonderful- Arb, park near house, Franklin Park, Jamaica Pond, and Forest Hills Cemetery can make very nice running route.  JP Center is 10 minutes walk. Food Coop, Library, public Gym, shops, quality thrift store, good restaurants, and light bite places all there.
JP has so much to offer! It is a 20 minute train or bus ride into the middle of the city. The apartment is walking distance from the Green and Orange lines, and the #39 bus stops right outside the building. Check out my guidebook for more of my recommendations that are all within walking distance! luscious green space & parks: JP is famous for it's close distance to the city while also seeming immersed in nature. Olmstead Park - at the end the street. There are baseball fields, walking trails, and pond Jamaica Pond - connects to Olmstead Park. large pond/reservoir with many walking trails, sailing, boat rental, soccer fields, beautiful hills, and walking trails.
JP is Boston's hipster haven. There are many great restaurants, cafes and bakeries within a few minutes walk of our place. If you crave green space we are a few blocks from the Southwest corridor and Franklin Park. Jamaica Pond, the Arboretum and Forest Hills Cemetery are all within walking distance as well. There is a Hubway stop a few blocks away and a Zip car lot on the next street over. Parking is easy and without restriction if you have a car and the T is close. We love JP and the diverse nature of our particular part of it.
JP is a diverse and artistic Boston neighborhood -  great little places to eat and get coffee; the BEST outdoor spaces with Jamaica Pond and the Arboretum as well as museums minutes away and downtown Boston a short subway or bus ride away.
JP is a great 'hood full of all sorts of people, great restaurants, a funky scene and large parks. 
JP is a great combination of people- ethnically and racially diverse, LGBTQ, straight, families, singles, people who have lived here 50 years, as well as students and young professionals. I am close to lots of great restaurants and bars, Jamaica Pond, the Harvard Arboretum, Franklin Park and Forest Hills Cemetery.
JP is a typical Boston neighborhood with a "hip" vibe and is often how the locals refer to our part of the city. It is a very diverse mix of friendly earth conscious people. Many families, artist and hipsters live here.  What is also so special about Jamaica Plain, is the outdoor space. We have several large parks designed by Fredrick Law Olmsted ( who also designed Central Park in NYC)
JP is full of parks.  We are close to the Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, Sam Adams Brewery, and Franklin Park (with the Franklin Park Zoo). Centre street has an abundance of cute shops, restaurants, and coffee shops.  We are also very close to Longwood Medical Area.
JP is hip and at the same time rested and refreshing, with a lot of sunshine and green --and is not as buttoned-up as Boston or self-conscious as Cambridge. JP and Forest Hills are the places where Boston Brahmins used to have their weekend pondside "country" homes and are steps away from Boston proper.
JP is known for its green space, its diversity of ethnic and economic groups, and its restaurants, shops and galleries.  Jamaica Pond is a block from the house, and the Arboretum is about a half mile walk, Franklin Park and Forest Hills Cemetery are less than a mile away.  JP has some of the best restaurants in town, and many cuisines (Mexican, Thai, Korean, Indian and Middle Eastern, to name a few) are available within a few blocks.  Whole Foods is just down the street.  The original JP Licks, a fabulous ice cream store, is so close you won't be able to resist a late night snack.
JP is like the Brooklyn of Boston.  It is it's own neighborhood with plenty to do but close to downtown and other attractions as well.  It is quiet and leafy and I live in the middle of the parks area.  The Forest Hills Cemetery is across the street behind a park, and the arboretum is a quick walk the other way.  Bars, great restaurants and cafes abound.
JP is one of the best neighborhoods in Boston, tons of great cafés, restaurants & shops within walking distance, plus an abundance of green space – our building sits on the Southwest Corridor Park (only a 15min bike-ride downtown).
JP is one of the trendiest parts of Boston these days. There is a liquor store right around the corner, a bar (Jeanie Johnston) adjacent to me, and numerous restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk in all directions. Jamaica Pond is nearby in case you want to take a stroll or go fishing (it is stocked every spring). The Arnold Arboretum is another beautiful place to explore, in close walking distance.
JP is the best neighborhood in Boston! Wander our streets filled with restored Victorian homes and beautiful gardens. It's hard to believe that you are only a few minutes away from the heart of Boston by convenient subway. The folks who live here are a great mix of artists, professionals, musicians, etc. We have a vibrant center with many local-owned cafes, pubs and Zagat-rated restaurants. The area has lots of green space between Jamaica Pond, the Arnold Arboretum, and Southwest Corridor Park. 
JP is the best neighborhood in Boston! Wander our streets filled with restored Victorian homes and beautiful gardens. It's hard to believe that you are only a few minutes away from the heart of Boston by convenient subway. The folks who live here are a great mix of artists, professionals, musicians, etc. We have a vibrant center with many local-owned cafes, pubs and zagat-rated restaurants. The area has lots of green space between Jamaica Pond, the Arnold Arboretum, and Southwest Corridor Park. 
Jamaica Plain (JP) has a funky, fun, eclectic mix of students, musicians, artists, professionals, and families.  It is multi-cultural and progressive in nature. Our neighborhood is closely knit and filled with interesting people.  Our green spaces..Jog around Jamaica pond, stroll through the Arboretum or the Emerald Necklace parks.
Jamaica Plain (JP) has a funky, fun, eclectic mix of students, musicians, artists, professionals, and families. It is multi-cultural and progressive in nature. Our neighborhood is closely knit and filled with interesting people. Our green spaces..Jog around Jamaica pond, stroll through the Arboretum or the Emerald Necklace parks.  We are 10 minute walk to the Sam Adams Brewery which offers free tours (and free beer with it).
Jamaica Plain (JP) is a cool, hip, eclectic and diverse gem, only 10 mins by train to downtown Boston. There's tons of good eats from fine dining to solid cheap finds on Centre Street, as well as cool shops and boutiques.  We love all the green space - Arboretum, Cemetery, Franklin Park - JP Pond, fun shops and dining on Centre Street, Sam Adam Brewery and only 10 mins to downtown Boston Back Bay on the T (subway)! Easy walk to T or Uber downtown.  See the Red Sox play at Fenway via T/bus in 30 mins, and quick walk to Northeastern, Harvard Medical, Simmons, MassART, Emmanuel, etc. and Longwood Medical Center Hospitals and MFA / Isabella Stewart Gardner Museums from T/bus.  Our JP favorites - easy walks from your stay on Centre Street Food and treats -Fiores Bakery (and sandwiches) -Cafe Nero  -The Real Deal (sandwiches and pizza) -JP Seafood -Noodle Barn -Casa Verde Mexican -Grass Fed (burgers) -Monumental Cupcakes (apple cider donuts!) -JP Licks Ice Cream Higher End Dining -Vee Vee (n
Jamaica Plain (JP) is a hip residential neighborhood southwest of downtown Boston. Our apartment is just around the corner from some of JP's best coffee, bars, restaurants, and brick oven pizza, or walk to JP Center in just 20 minutes with tons of independent shops, art studios, and countless options for even the most discerning foodie. Shopping includes everything from fancy, expensive hats at the fun-to-say Salmagundi to hunting for treasures at our two great thrift stores.  Arnold Arboretum and Forest Hills Cemetery are just steps from our door - you can enjoy the best and brightest of Boston's fall foliage by taking a short walk through these giant wooded parks. Colors are beautiful right now and should hold strong another few weeks. Have the best of both worlds - explore the city from our relaxed neighborhood surrounded by green space.
Jamaica Plain (JP) is an open, artsy, hip neighborhood with lots of green space, old homes, creative types, different cultures and small shops. It's about 15mins from the center of Boston. It has a great, laid-back vibe. We recommend walking through the neighborhood and up to Centre Street for pastries, lunch, dinner, a drink and more. You can continue on to Jamaica Pond from there, or the Arnold Arboretum where you can get a 360 degree view of the Boston.
Jamaica Plain (JP) mixes young & old, gay & straight, diverse races & classes. A progressive, hip, active village within Boston.  You'll be just over Sumner Hill from Center Street's shopping and restaurant options. There are wonderful greenspaces right nearby.
Jamaica Plain (known as J.P.) is so great! Wonderful parks for walking or biking or jogging are just down the road (I think .5 miles to Olmstead Park. Great restaurants are within a 4-10 minute walk from our door. And of course the best ice cream in the northeast is to be found at J.P. Licks!
Jamaica Plain (or JP, as we locals say) is just a few miles south of downtown Boston and is full of wonderful old homes, restaurants along Centre Street (a 7 minute walk from our place!), the Samuel Adams Brewery (which gives tours), and is surrounded by parks and other green spaces that are part of Boston’s Emerald Necklace. The neighborhood is exceptionally dog, kid, and adult friendly.
Jamaica Plain aka JP has old neighborhood charm with a hint of urban sophistication and funk. A safe hood where artists, young parents, and old time Bostonians cross paths. With beautiful architecture, tree-lined streets, and green space (Arnold Arboretum/Jamaica Pond, Emerald Necklace), JP has two forms of public transport for quick downtown access. Local cafes, bars, and boutiques.
Jamaica Plain combines green spaces and with super easy access to downtown Boston by public transit. There is the 365 acre Arnold Arboretum, Franklin Park (Golf Course & Franklin Park Zoo!), and the Jamaica Pond (they offer boat rentals!). Great for runners, gofers, pet owners, bird watchers, and anyone who love the outdoors. JP is one of Boston's most vibrant neighborhoods and has fabulous restaurants, bars, shops, festivals, and more.
Jamaica Plain has become one of the most popular neighborhoods in Boston, it is pretty, fun and very accessible. There are tons of great shops, cafes, restaurants and other entertainment within walking distance, including the beautiful JP Pond just down the street. There are also several parks nearby and the Jamaica Plain community is friendly, active and always has some community activity planned. It is a perfect location for those who work in Boston proper or the Greater Boston area. Easy access to the city's hospital and universities, as well.
Jamaica Plain has more open space than any other neighborhood in Boston. The world famous Harvard Arnold Arboretum, Forest Hills Cemetery, and the lovely Jamaica Pond, are all within a 5-10 minute walk. The house is connected to downtown Boston by the Southwest Corridor Park and bike path, which is accessible from the end of the block.   The house is also a short walk from a number of local coffee shops and restaurants, natural food stores and bodegas.
Jamaica Plain is a bustling neighborhood located just south of downtown Boston.  Its known for its incredible, local restaurants and expansive green spaces; it has a neighborly feeling while simultaneously retaining its urban setting.  Our home is located just off of Centre St, the "downtown" hub of JP, which has all the conveniences one needs.  We're walking distance to Jamaica Pond and both the Emerald Necklace and the Southwest Corridor.  A short walk to the Green Street T stop will allow you to ride the Orange Line anywhere else you'd like to explore in the city.
Jamaica Plain is a charming, cozy neighborhood in Boston, with great, local restaurants including the original JP Licks ice cream. In addition, there are two phenomenal parks and a gorgeous pond. With all the green space and local neighborhood charm, it's hard to believe the T (subway) is right here.
Jamaica Plain is a diverse Boston neighborhood: The Americas' Ave/Centre St (at the end of my street) is lined with restaurants serving food that reflects this diversity. Lovely outdoor areas: Walk/run around Jamaica Pond, The Harvard University Arnold Arboretum is beautiful in the spring and summer, cross-country skiing in winter.  The MFA and Gardner Museum are a short trolley ride. The Boston Freedom Trail and ICA are a short subway ride.
Jamaica Plain is a diverse and vibrant neighborhood of Boston . Our street is residential, yet just a short walk to public transportation that will take you to downtown Boston in 15-20 minutes. The Arnold Arboretum, Franklin Park, Jamaica Pond and downtown Jamaica Plain are all a short walk from our door.  Jamaica Plain has lots of shops, restaurants and cafes, making for a great place to take a walk, window shop, grab a quick bite to eat or enjoy a leisurely meal.
Jamaica Plain is a diverse neighborhood of Boston that is close to almost everything.  It has a great selection of shops, groceries, restaurants and bars.  One will find professionals, artists, craftsmen, laborers of all ethnicities and of course the hipsters.
Jamaica Plain is a diverse neighborhood of professionals, political activists, artists, and more. Our condo is located right along the Southwest Corridor park where many dog walkers, children, and bicyclists enjoy time outdoors. We have a host of menus from great local restaurants and maps for Boston and environs for your use.
Jamaica Plain is a family-friendly neighborhood nestled between public parks with amazing restaurants and year-round cultural activities and events. Our section of JP has restaurants, cafes, pubs, grocery and liquor stores all within walking distance. Although we are only a 20 minute subway ride to downtown Boston, our quiet wooded street can make you forget you are in the city.
Jamaica Plain is a fantastic, family-friendly Boston neighborhood just southwest of the city center.  It's a semi-urban, funky area with lots of parks, restaurants, cafe's and shopping.  Our home is central to everything - a block from Centre Street (a dozen restaurants, JP Licks, City Feed & Supply, 39 bus stop), 2 blocks from the Orange Line, 4 blocks from Jamaica Pond.
Jamaica Plain is a fun and diverse neighborhood in Boston with great shops and restaurants. Great location to downtown Boston, Longwood medical area, Sam Adams Brewery, Newbury Street, Fenway, and Cambridge.
Jamaica Plain is a fun and lively section of Boston. The house is only two blocks away from the Pond which is a great place to run or walk around.
Jamaica Plain is a fun, vibrant neighborhood. Downtown Boston is easily accessible via the T. 
Jamaica Plain is a great neighborhood with a huge selection of restaurants and cafes, green space (including the Arboretum, Franklin Park, and the JP Pond). There are also free basketball courts and tennis courts within a few minutes walk from the house.
Jamaica Plain is a great place to live. The people are what make it wonderful.  It's as if you have the best of a small town and the benefits of a big city. The architecture is also a large component to the whole J.P. scene. 
Jamaica Plain is a growing community of young people. It boasts of great restaurants, ice cream parlors, bakeries, access to parks and beautiful walking spaces. Close to the Jamaica Pond and the Arnold Arboretum.
Jamaica Plain is a hip neighborhood with shops, ethnic dining, a Whole Foods in walking distance, 15 minutes from Boston Common and 20 minutes from the airport. 
Jamaica Plain is a hip, family-friendly neighborhood.  It's close to downtown Boston by public transit, but also provides easy access to outdoor space and parks.  There are tons of restaurants and store in Jamaica Plain along Center Street (a close walk), as well as lots of playgrounds for kids.
Jamaica Plain is a hot up-and-coming neighborhood that is a short-ride away from downtown Boston. Staying here, you can enjoy the bustling Boston during the day, and relax in the quiet old neighborhood surrounded by nature at night.  Around the corner from the townhouse, you can find a convenient store, popular tavern, coffee shop, grass-fed burgers...A short walk/bus ride and you will find a lot more dining options (popular local ice cream parlor, local old-world bakery selling artisan breads, American/Japanese/Korean/Indian/Lebanese...restaurants, shops...). In addition, take a walk in the nearby Harvard Arboretum (free entrance) and be surrounded by nature!
Jamaica Plain is a lively hip neighborhood with cafés, restaurants, great bakeries and the best ice cream parlor in Boston.
Jamaica Plain is a quiet residential neighborhood of Boston close to downtown but with beautiful parks right nearby. The apartment is close to Jamaica Pond, part of Boston's famous Emerald Necklace. Whole Foods grocery store is less than five minutes away by foot. There are numerous bars and restaurants within easy walking or bicycling distance (bike sharing station right by whole foods) and accessible by bus. Perfect location if you want to be a little removed from the center of the city but with easy access to everything.
Jamaica Plain is a trendy, lovely neighborhood of Boston within 10 minutes of downtown Boston via subway.  We are surrounded by many green spaces.  All kinds of people feel comfortable in JP, as we call it.  We are tolerant of differences of all kinds.
Jamaica Plain is a unique neighborhood that combines a small town feel with  all the benefits of urban life and fantastic green spaces. It is known for its ethnic diversity, for being LGBTQ friendly, and for the large number of artists of all kinds who live and work here. There are dozens of shops, cafes and restaurants around the corner. Jamaica Pond and the world famous 281 acre Arnold Arboretum (both part of the beautiful Emerald Necklace created by Frederick Law Olmstead) are each a five minute walk away from our home.
Jamaica Plain is a very diverse neighborhood in Boston. It offers a quiet place to live, but very close to the city. Near by, there's the Arboretum, some cafes and restaurants, the Jamaica Plain Pond, the Emerald Necklace, and some areas for running.
Jamaica Plain is a vibrant and beautiful neighborhood with excellent access to downtown Boston, delicious restaurants and numerous parks.
Jamaica Plain is a wonderful diverse Boston neighborhood…Ave of The Americas/Centre St (at the bottom of my street) is lined with shops and restaurants serving food that reflects the diversity of the community.  The Arnold Arboretum and Jamaica Pond are great areas for walking, biking, boating (rentals for bikes and boats close by) and cross country skiing. The Footlight Club is one of the oldest community theaters and music is playing in different sites on weekends.
Jamaica Plain is a wonderfully green, vibrant and culturally diverse neighborhood, with beautiful, old houses, all kinds of parks and peoples (dogs, too!)   There is a Whole Foods supermarket just two minutes from the house, and an abundance of cafes, pubs, restaurants and small shops within easy walking distance.  (A gym and swimming pool are also nearby.)   The house is a ten minute walk from Jamaica Pond, a large pond nestled in a forest, and inhabited by ducks, geese and swans; Arnold Arboretum is an additional 20 minute walk away.
Jamaica Plain is a wonderfully green, vibrant and culturally diverse neighborhood, with beautiful, old houses, all kinds of parks and peoples (dogs, too!)   There is a Whole Foods supermarket just two minutes from the house, and an abundance of cafes, pubs, restaurants and small shops within easy walking distance.  (A gym and swimming pool are also nearby.)   The house is a ten minute walk from Jamaica Pond, a large pond nestled in a forest, and inhabited by ducks, geese and swans; Arnold Arboretum is an additional 20 minute walk away.  
Jamaica Plain is a youthful, trendy neighborhood with lots of great dining, shopping, and beautiful green space.  Green Street Station, on the orange line, is a 15-minute ride to downtown Boston.  Bus service gets you to Back Bay in 15 minutes.
Jamaica Plain is an amazing part of Boston located very close to many attractions and exciting areas of the city while maintaining it's own exciting night life!
Jamaica Plain is an awesome eclectic/artsy and diverse neighborhood.  Not only is it close to the city center, but it also has wonderful green space all around (Emerald Necklace, Jamaica Pond, and Arnold Arboretum).
Jamaica Plain is an incredible community in Boston, and home of Franklin Park- a beautiful green space that also has a zoo. We are very close to Jamaica Pond which is a beautiful spot for walking/running, and sailing in the summertime. We have an amazing small local grocery store/coffee and sandwich shop a few doors down from our place. We are also about a 5 minute walk to Whole Foods, and to some really good restaurants and local bars.
Jamaica Plain is an urban oasis and a diverse neighborhood within the City of Boston. Surrounded by green space, it combines a suburban feel while being minutes away from Back Bay, downtown and Longwood Medical Area.  Jamaica Pond, and its historic boathouse is a short walk away as is Olmstead Green, Arnold Arboretum, and Boston's Emerald Necklace.  Multiple shops, cafés and restaurants line Centre St steps away from where the unit is located.    
Jamaica Plain is awesome. The word is diversity. There's a big component of young families, art students (from NEC, BOCO, Massart, etc) but also scientists (Harvard Medical area), a prominent gay community and many hipsters. The apartment is tucked away in an awesome pseudo-cul-de-sac in front of a park which makes it really calm and quiet. Perfect for visitors looking for a quiet night 25min away from the city (door to door) by subway, 15min by cab to/from Downtown Crossing T station. Perfect for bicycle enthusiasts and Longwood Medical Area visitors. The apartment  is around the corner from the iconic pub Doyle's and a few blocks away from the Sam Adam's brewery. They have a guided tour and the "original" party bus that shuttles inebriated people between Doyles and the brewery :)  The subway station, known as the “T station” in our dear town, is only a 1/2 mile away. Don't forget to stop by Canto 6 on your way there and get some gruyere croissants. Some more blocks will get you to Ce
Jamaica Plain is becoming a vibrant and hip community! There are several shops and bars at Center street, a Stop&Shop supermarket is 3 min walk, the Whole Foods about 10 minutes.
Jamaica Plain is famous for its green areas such as Jamaica Pond and Arnold Arboretum. There are plenty of places to eat in the evening  with a variety of restaurants and cafes.  Whole Foods supermarket is a very short walk.
Jamaica Plain is full of boutiques, restaurants and cafes with a hip, funky vibe. Family oriented and with a Latino flavor, JP has many green spaces including Jamaica Pond and the Arnold Arboretum for wonderful walks or bike rides. The house is located three minutes from the closest subway stop, the Orange Line, which will take you to the heart of Back Bay in 10 minutes. At the end of our little road you can see the 2nd tallest building in Boston, the Prudential Tower, but on our street it feels like New Hampshire! Around the corner is City Feed for morning coffee and locally sourced groceries, there is a beer/wine shop nearby, walk to popular Ula's Cafe in the morning or Bella Luna for brunch or dinner. Chilacates for fantastic burritos/tacos. And of course the Sam Adams Brewery is just across the train tracks - go for a tour, stay for a beer!
Jamaica Plain is full of things to do, see, and eat! Start your day off with coffee at Ula Cafe, yoga at JP Yoga or the Blissful Monkey, then brunch at Centre St Cafe. Tour the Sam Adams Brewery, and shop for souvineers in shops along Centre St like On Centre and Salmagundi. Then get ice cream at JP Licks and walk around beautiful JP pond. End your day with tapas at Tres Gatos or pizza and a dance party at Bella Luna.  You'll enjoy every minute of your JP adventure... And if you want more of what Boston has to offer, hop on the subway and be downtown in 12 min.
Jamaica Plain is incredible! We are surrounded by parks, boutiques, restaurants and fun and lively residents! A list of recommended places to visit are located in the room. 
Jamaica Plain is known as the upbeat, hipster neighborhood of Boston. Let me know if you would like any recommendations!
Jamaica Plain is known for it's green space and artsy feel, as well as for being very much a melting pot of all nationalities.  This neighborhood boasts all sorts of delicious cuisine (I love the Dogwood Cafe right at the end of my street!), funky shops (Salmagundi is the best hat shop in Boston), and the oldest public Arboretum in North America (part of Harvard University).
Jamaica Plain is known throughout Boston for its hip, fun, welcoming stores and eateries. Its main street, Centre St., is a 5-minute walk from the house, and on it you can find a store fore everything you need, as well as several that are a hoot just to browse. Neighbors in JP are friendly, and committed to a great world.   JP is also known for its green space. The famed Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University is a 6-minute walk from the house, and is a giant park that is not to be missed.   Jamaica Pond is just a 14-minute walk from the house, and has a path all the way around, and boating.  Finally, there is a long bike path a 12-minute walk towards the train line. 
Jamaica Plain is one of Boston's coolest neighborhoods, this is where people who want to live in Boston but love the outdoors come to live.  It also has great restaurants, cafes and local shops. It is a 10-14 minute walk to Forest Hills Orange Line T as well as the Harvard Arboretum, and a 3-minute walk to the beautiful historic Forest Hills Cemetery, that is as much a park as it is a cemetery. It is a 10-14 walk from the Harvard Arboretum, located back toward the Forest Hills T stop.
Jamaica Plain is one of Boston's finest neighborhoods. Located along the Olmsted-designed "Emerald Necklace," JP is a unique blend of top-tier restaurants, cafes, historic homes, stunning green space, and unique shopping. People here love and take great pride in their community, exemplified by the great number of locally-owned enterprises and (website hidden) hosts Jamaica Pond, a beautiful tree-lined pond steps from our home. It offers great walking and running opportunities. The famous Arnold Arboretum - also just a short walk from our home - offers 281 acres of walking and hiking opportunities. All of this - and more - makes JP arguably Boston's most unique neighborhood, and certainly one of its best. You can easily walk to restaurants, cafes, shopping, Jamaica Pond, and the Arnold Arboretum.
Jamaica Plain is one of Boston's greenest boroughs. The hood is quiet and peaceful . Nice people where ever you look. Safe at all hours. Easy access to anything you'd need via , foot , subway, car or bike. See details under : "the space"
Jamaica Plain is one of the greenest city neighborhoods in the country. Walk to the JP Pond, Arnold Arboretum or visit the beautiful Forest Hills Cemetery. Look up the Emerald Necklace. Also, this condo is walking distance to JP Centre shops and restaurants. I will leave a list of recommendations and menus.
Jamaica Plain is one of the most fun and funky neighborhoods of Boston. There are many restaurants, bars, galleries, and other entertainment options. JP is very gay-friendly.  We are also spoiled for green space - Jamaica Pond is within easy walking distance, and the Emerald Necklace string of parks links Jamaica Pond with the Charles River, with a lovely bike path running the whole way to the river.  We also have both the Arnold Arboretum (265 acres) and Franklin Park (zoo, golf course, trails, etc.) which are within easy distance as is the home of the Boston Beer Company, brewers of the famous Sam Adams beer.
Jamaica Plain is part of Boston Emerald Necklace--a green paradise only 10 to 15 minutes from downtown Boston/Back Bay. Our condo is a nice 10 minute stroll to all the neighborhood has to offer, including the beautiful Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond and all of the restaurants, bars and shops in downtown JP.
Jamaica Plain is south of downtown Boston, home is located between 2 subway stops (Jackson Square & Stony Brook). Walking distance two 2 grocery stores (Stop & Shop and a Whole Foods). Convenient to Longwood Medical area.
Jamaica Plain is such a great neighborhood to explore! It is a central location to most of Boston yet has its own busy culture.
Jamaica Plain is the best neighborhood in the Boston area, bar none!  Surrounded by parks and green space, JP is unique and diverse.   With restaurants that range from gourmet treasures to down-home ethnic hangouts, we can please all palettes.  Art galleries, pubs, and live music venues round out the experience.  You may never want to leave our "village" but you can easily venture out to Boston proper via the convenient subway system (one block from my house) or rent a bike at the station via Hubway and bike the city on one of the many bike paths within easy reach of the house.   Jamaica Plain is a community of artists, musicians, writers, and everything in between.  We pride ourselves on our diversity, friendliness, and commitment to community.  Come visit and you'll want to stay!  
Jamaica Plain is very walkable and you can walk to Jamaica Pond and the Arboretum (great running spots!), Forest Hills cemetery (visit E.E. Cummings' grave!), and many local retail shops, restaurants, bars, and ice cream places (including vegan options). Or take the train or bus into Boston or to Cambridge and explore the city!
Jamaica Plain is vibrant and lively section of Boston. You can have a morning walk on Jamaica Pond, play tennis, get to Mike Gym or grab a fresh coffee from City Feeds.  Stony Brook ( Orange Line)- 5-7 min walk away, bus #39( Longwood Medical-Copley Square) -5 -7 min away from the house. The is a street parking, please read a sign for a street cleaning.
Jamaica Plain is, in our humble opinion, truly the best neighborhood in Boston, and is often very overlooked by tourists due to the fact that there are no hotels in the neighborhood. You will absolutely have a "Boston-local" experience. Our street leads to Jamaica Pond and the Emerald Necklace, a string of lovely parks leading into Fenway. Our home is also an 8-minute walk from the lush Harvard Arboretum and Bonsai & Vine Garden. The Arboretum is our favorite place in the entire city: a huge, meticulously maintained park with manicured exhibits as well as wooded trails to get lost in. As lush and green as JP is, we also have considerable city amenities just steps away. Adorable independent bookshops, vegan bakeries, a Whole Foods Market, treasure-filled consignment shops, every kind of cuisine (fancy burgers, fancy burritos, fancy tacos, old-timey Boston sports pubs), lots of musical street performers, and 7--count 'em, 7 --coffee cafes within two blocks. Including not one, but TWO Dun
Jamaica Plain, Boston, MA Close to downtown, but also offers lots of green space for walking, jogging or biking. Walk to great coffee shops, restaurants, bars, gym, farmers markets, etc. Parkside neighborhood (Franklin Park), near Egleston Square, Bartlett Square, Brewery building (Ula Cafe, Mike's Gym,  and Bella Luna restaurant/bar.)
Jamaica Plain, JP as Bostonians friendly called it is the greenest neighborhood  In Boston.  JP is an upcoming neighborhood with beautiful Victorian houses.  A vibrant, diverse and friendly neighborhood that hosts cafes, farmers markets with fresh and organic foods June to October, great restaurants, pubs, stores and art galleries.   Jamaica Pond and the Arboretum are part of the Emerald Necklace, a chain of parks linked by parkways and waterways in Boston and Brookline. Different spots nearby if you need a zip car.  Hubspot to rent a bike is located very close to the house. Sam Adams Brewery in walking distance offers tours and tastings.
Jamaica Plain, is famous by its good vibe. It is very liberal, green and vivid. We are located in a quiet area but only few steps from the neighborhood center.
Jamaica Plain, often considered the grooviest place to be in Boston, we are a 5 minute walk to the Orange Line train and 3 minutes to the 39 bus; both getting you downtown in 15-30 minutes. Longwood Medical Area and Harvard Medical School are a 20 minute ride from the end of the street.  Walk to many fabulous restaurants, or if you prefer to cook get your ingredients at Wholefoods, only 7 minutes away by foot.  Jamaica Pond is perfect for a run or stroll and slightly farther on you can lose yourself in Harvard's Arnold Arboretum.  
Jamaica Plain, often referred to in the 19th century as "the Eden of America," is one of the greenest neighborhoods in the city of Boston. The community contains or is bordered by a number of jewels of the Emerald Necklace Park system designed in the 19th century by Frederick Law Olmstead Jamaica Plain, or "JP" as the locals call it, is a classic "streetcar suburb" that has evolved into one of Boston's most diverse and dynamic neighborhoods. The ethnically diverse area is home to many different ethnic groups and growing with professionals and families with young   children . This blend of cultures is reflected in local businesses, such as the many different restaurants which line Centre Street  from  India, Korea, Japan, Cuba, France.  Residents and visitors enjoy walking, biking, and running along Jamaica Pond situated on the Riverway,  part of Boston's Emerald Necklace. We're just a short walk to the Jamaica Pond, which connects to Olmsted Park in one direction and Harvard's Arnold A
Jamaica Plain, or "JP" as the locals call it, is a classic "streetcar suburb" that has evolved into one of Boston's most diverse and dynamic neighborhoods. The ethnically diverse area is home to many Latinos, young families, and a growing gay and lesbian community. Hyde and Jackson Squares have significant Spanish-speaking populations. This blend of cultures is reflected in local businesses, such as the many different restaurants which line Centre Street, one of its main thoroughfares. Residents and visitors enjoy walking, biking, and running along Jamaica Pond situated on the Jamaicaway, part of Boston's Emerald Necklace.
Jamaica Plain, or "JP" as the locals call it, is a classic "streetcar suburb" that has evolved into one of Boston's most diverse and dynamic neighborhoods. The ethnically diverse area is home to many Latinos, young families, and a growing gay and lesbian community. This blend of cultures is reflected in local businesses, such as the many different restaurants which line Centre Street, one of its main thoroughfares. Residents and visitors enjoy walking, biking, and running along Jamaica Pond situated on the Jamaicaway, part of Boston's Emerald Necklace. More information is here (the links become live when you reserve): (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN)
Jamaica Plain, or more commonly known as JP, is the best! The "Brooklyn of Boston," or so they say, combining the enchanting outdoor respites with 19th century triple-decker apartments, homegrown restaurants and parlors, and casual dives.  Just 15 minutes from downtown Boston via the subway, JP is one of Boston’s most diverse and happening neighborhoods. You won’t find chain stores here. What you will find is a community committed to the environment and fair-trade commerce, a place that’s hip and definitely way left-of-center when it comes to politics. When it comes to restaurants and venues, it is the kind of neighborhood where there is one of everything, and they're all pretty darn good - tapas, indian, thai, mexican, italian, cuban and american brunch, so much brunch.  It is a 10-15 min walk to downtown JP (Centre Street), but if you don't feel like walking at all, fear not, the famous (or should I say infamous) Doyle's Cafe (bar) and Midway Cafe (music venue) are within a stones th
Jamaica Pond Shops on Centre Street Franklin Park  Arnold Arboretum (free, owned by Harvard) Beautiful bike/walking path ("the Emerald Necklace")--walk south to the Arnold Arboretum, walk north to Copley Square (Back Bay). The Brewery complex
Jamaica plain is an amazing town within the city of Boston. Lots of bars and restaurants within walking distance as well as public transportation.
Jamaica plain is one of the most highly sought after neighborhoods in all of Boston IF you like diversity and friendliness along with a cool family vibe touched with artsy bits and nature. Wholefoods is up the street&the coolest little market with the best coffee and caps is 1 blk away.   Great food and bakeries along with a Brewery to tour.   Incredible Green ways like the Arnold Arboretum with trees from all over the world in a natural setting that will take your breath away ...deer and fox and coyotes live right there this close to downtown Boston. The Jamaica Pond is about 3 blks from here...you can rent boats and sail or row in spring and summer.
Jamaïca plain neighborood is really active, cultural and full of shopping. You will enjoy the diversity of restaurant and the huge jamaïca Pond.
Leafy, diverse, urban neighborhood with bodegas and an awesome bakery and cafe, each 2 blocks away. We are also surrounded by green space: Franklin Park (5 blocks), Jamaica Pond (6 blocks) and the Arboretum is down the bike path 10 min or one subway stop and a two minute walk.
Learn more about Jamaica Plain, a vibrant neighborhood in the city of Boston known for its sense of community and access to green space! In our immediate neighborhood, you will find: 1-2 blocks away:  Cafes and restaurant, Southwest Corridor bike path, Sam Adams Brewery, weekly farmer's market, playgrounds, parks 5 min walk: subway station (equidistant to Stony Brook and Green Street) 12 min walk:  JP center with all sorts of restaurants (Thai, sushi, Indian, Vietnamese, Middle Eastern, bars and pubs, ice cream, etc) and amenities, Whole Foods 15 min walk: Beautiful Jamaica Pond for walks, canoeing/kayaking, or even fishing! 15 min drive/train ride to center of Boston 25 min drive/train ride to Cambridge (Harvard/MIT).  We are also a 10-15 min drive to the zoo and Arnold Arboretum.
Local restaurants, farmers markets, community centers, library, tennis courts, basketball courts. The list goes on and on...
Located in Jamaica Plain (JP), one of Boston's hippest neighborhoods! In the mornings be sure to scoop up some pastries and chai from the dreamy bakery a few blocks away. JP also features amazing restaurants, cafes, playgrounds, a splash park, green spaces, a bike path right to downtown Boston, and a Whole Foods.
Look at the Guidebook.  We are close to all downtown activities via public transportation.  Beautiful tree lined street in a desirable and safer Boston neighborhood.  Jamaica Plain is one of the best and sought after  neighborhoods in Boston.
Many restaurants, cafes and shops are within a few blocks' walk along Centre Street. Post office, cleaners, salons and pharmacy are all nearby. Whole Foods supermarket is also within walking distance. Hubway bike stand at Post Office.
Many universities located nearby, such as Boston College, Boston University, Northeastern University, Simmons and more. All are within 15 minutes of driving.  Also, for nature-lovers, we are located a 5 minute drive away from Harvard University’s Arnold Arboretum, a huge botanical garden for the public. The 39 bus can also take you there.  Multiple highly-rated restaurants nearby, such as Tres Gatos, Ten Tables, Canary Square Restaurant and more. 
Multiple highly-rated restaurants nearby, such as Tres Gatos, Ten Tables, Canary Square Restaurant and more. We are located about a short 15 minutes to Downtown Boston (Copley and Prudential centers). Around the corner, there is CVS, 7-Eleven, and Whole Food Groceries. Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox, is under a 10 minute drive. Public transportation is at the corner of the street. 39 Bus takes you right into Downtown Boston and Back Bay areas. Also under a 10 minute walk away from the Orange Subway Station at Stony Brook.
My apartment is on the quieter end of Jamaica Plain, on a charming, hilly street that affords a great view over the entire neighborhood. You'll be within a 5-minute walk of some neighborhood essentials (including my favorite bakery/coffee shop of all times), and a 15-20 minute walk to the center of Jamaica Plain, where you can find shops and restaurants of all kinds.  Franklin Park is at the end of the street, while the Southwest Corridor, yet another park, is 5 minutes in the opposite direction. Jamaica Pond and Arnold Arboretum, two astonishing pieces of nature, are about a 15-20 minute walk away.
My neighborhood is adorable, my apt a 2 min walk to the Orange Line for quick access to the city. There are three yoga studios a walk from my place, as well as a slew of delicious restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, and bars. Jamaica Plain is known for it's green space, with many parks nearby, including Franklin Park, the Arboretum, and Jamaica Pond. There is non resident parking on my street from 6pm-8am, but I can direct you to some spots to stash your car during the day.
My neighborhood is an up and coming neighborhood with incredible views, diverse residents, wonderful park access and one of the best bakeries in boston.
My place is close to interesting restaurants, coffee/sandwich shops, health food market, a bakery and local bars. The Arnold Arboretum, Harvard University's botanical garden is a five minute walk away with walking and jogging trails and the Jamaica Pond less than 1/2 mile away.
Neighborhood highlights: Public transportation: MBTA Orange line Green Street Stop (Gets you to downtown Boston in 15 minutes) and the #42 bus stop is in front of our home. Hubway bikes are also right outside of Green st stop.  Lots of restaurants, cafes, and bars: Tres Gatos Tapas place, Ten Tables and JP Seafood (award winning farm-to-table dining), JP Licks (Great ice-cream), great bakeries, Burgers at Grassfed, brunch at Centre Street Café, or Sorellas- the most ingenious pancakes on the planet. Cool Bars: The haven, Canary sq., Bella Luna and the Milky Way, drinking fountain, Midway café.  Cozy Irish bars: James' Gate, Doyle's, Brendan Behan's at Hyde Square, Galway House. Cafés: Canto 6, Fiore's, Blue Frog, Fazenda Coffee Roasters Café  Brewery Tours: Sam Adams, less than 1 mile away, offering free tours Shops including: Whole Foods Market, Stop & Shop, Harvest Green space / Parks great for walks and runs: Beautiful Jamaica Pond, Arnold Arboretum (265-acre park owned by Harvard U
Not on a main street, but half a block from commercial center with lots of shops, restaurants, cafes, pizza joints, Whole Foods market, pub, tattoo parlor, etc… Local restaurants include: El Orientale de Cuba, Blue Nile (Ethiopian), The Haven (Scottish), Frogmore's (southern fare), pizza joints, empanada joint, bunch of others… Coffee: Caffe Aroma Market: Whole Foods, City Feed, local bodega Pub: Brendan Behan JP Centre: Walk down Centre St. 1 mile to the JP business district for lot of additional restaurants, cafes, shops, galleries, and much more
Once called "The Eden of America" by a visitor, according to an 1800s chronicle, Jamaica Plain  is nearly surrounded on all sides by green space: Arnold Arboretum, Forrest Hills Cemetery, Franklin Park, Jamaica Pond Park & Olmstead Park. JP has a rich arts and cultural scene that includes such major annual festivals as Wake Up the Earth, the Jamaica Plain Music Festival and the Jamaica Pond Lantern ParadeOne of JPs major sub-neighborhood is home to Boston's Latin Quarter bordering Roxbury: Egleston Square Boasting a wide array of businesses, JP is especially known across the city for its variety of prominent restaurants. Bell Luna on Amory Street, El Oriental De Cuba in Hyde Square, Star Fish Market in Egelston Square, Ten Tables on Centre Street & Doyle's Pub on Washington are just a few of the landmark dining spots. The house is located just 2 blocks from the Historic Brewery Complex, home to Sam Adams Brewery (available for free tours daily), Mike's Gym, Ula's Cafe, Bella Luna Resta
Our apartment is located in a quiet street within Jamaica Plain; a fun, diverse and vibrant neighborhood within the city of Boston. Great attractions within walking distance of our apartment include: - The Arnold Arboretum: a beautiful place to go for a walk, hike or cycle. - Jamaica Pond: go for a walk around the pond, or even rent a row boat!  - The Southwest Corridor (this walking and bicycle path runs parallel to the subway line and you can use it to talk safely all the way to downtown Boston). - Sam Adams Brewery - free tours! - Center Street: JP's main shopping street - offers an eclectic mix of shops and food options. Wonderful cafes, bars and restaurants within walking distance of our apartment include: - Weekend Brunch: VeeVee and Center Street Cafe (amazing homemade donuts!) - Burgers: Grass Fed - Ice Cream: JP Licks (the original branch of this Boston favorite is in our neighborhood) and FOMU (wonderful dairy free ice cream) - Asian: Seafood Cafe, Noodle Barn, Wonder Spice C
Our apartment is within quick walking distance to many popular restaurants, coffee shops, and local businesses. We're a 2 minute walk from the Southwest Corridor, which offers an oasis of green space and gardens, and only a 15 minute walk from beautiful JP Pond. There is a Hubway bike rental station 5 minutes away if you want to tour the city by bike on your trip!
Our neighborhood has a lovely eclectic vibe! It has families that have lived there for many years... as well as students and young professionals. We live walking distance from many great bars, cafes, and restaurants as well as the Sam Adams Brewery which many tourists love to visit!
Our neighborhood is a quiet, diverse neighborhood toward the southern end of Jamaica Plain. There are a handful of good restaurants just a few minutes walking from our home. If you would like to take a longer walk, or take the train just one or two stops, you can access the bustling center of Jamaica Plain, where there are more restaurants and stores.
Our neighborhood was called the Eden of America back in the 19th century because of the wonderful parks, ponds, and open spaces.  It still has all of those and lots more, including a great vibe for artists, foodies, musicians, scholars and doctors.  The architecture is world class as is the Arboretum.  Come check it out!
Our neighborhood within the city of Boston is called Jamaica Plain.   Jamaica Plain (JP) has a funky, fun, eclectic mix of students, musicians, artists, professionals, and families.  It is multi-cultural and progressive in nature. Our neighborhood is closely knit and filled with interesting people.  Enjoy our green spaces -- jog around Jamaica pond, stroll through the Arboretum or the Emerald Necklace parks, bike through the Southwest corridor.  Free tennis and basketball courts are just around the corner.
Our neighbors are great and really keep an eye on things.  It's a very walkable neighborhood where folks say hi to each other but it's also quiet, with many new, young families and older families who have been around for decades.
People love Jamaica Plain. There is so much green space -- Omsted-designed parks, the Arboretum, the Pond, basketball courts, tennis courts -- all extremely close. JP is great for running and biking. Our house is right on the bike path that leads straight downtown. There are cafes and restaurants of all sorts within 5-10 minutes walk. The Sam Adams Brewery is steps away, and Doyles cafe (an Irish classic) is about 10 minutes away by foot. Get your ice cream cone at JP Licks on a summer night and sit outside and do your people-watching.
People want to live and visit Jamaica Plain because it has a hip vibe, is close to downtown, and has the most parks in the entire metropolitan area. My house is on a short two block street with primarily row houses.  It's at the foot of Sumner Hill which is filled with Victorian Mansions. It's fun to stroll around and imagine upper class life in the late 1800's. There is also a house dating from the 1700's on the main drag - Center Street.  That's where the action is and it's only a 5 minute walk from my house.  The Arnold Arboretum and Franklin Park total over 500 acres of open space and are less than a 10 minute walk. They are part of the Emerald .Necklace Greenway which was designed by Olmstead - who also designed Central Park. The wonderful lake, Jamaica Pond, is also nearby.  Most of my guests love to take a walk or run in the Arboretum.
People want to live and visit Jamaica Plain because it has a hip vibe, is close to downtown, and has the most parks in the entire metropolitan area. My house sits at the foot of Sumner Hill which is filled with Victorian Mansions. It's fun to stroll around and imagine upper class life in the late 1800's. You can get a sense of what upper class life was like in the late 19th century.  There is also a house dating from the 1700's on the main drag - Center Street.  That's where the action is and it's only a 5 minute walk from my house.  There, you find an organic grocery, great restaurants, and cool coffee shops. The Arnold Arboretum and Franklin Park total over 500 acres of open space and are less than a 10 minute walk. They are part of the Emerald Necklace Greenway which was designed by Olmstead - who also designed Central Park. The wonderful lake, Jamaica Pond, is also nearby.  Most of my guests love to take a walk or run in the Arboretum. When you arrive, I'll give you a comprehensive
Pricing includes extra twin bed room.  Third guest will be an additional charge of $25 per day.I love that you can walk to buy anything you need in one direction (including great coffee) and if I head the other direction I can walk around Jamacia Pond designed by Olmstead or be in 365 acres of the Arnold Arboretum. OR I can jump on a train and be downtown Boston.
Quiet surburban neighborhood feel with many green spaces near by.
Quiet, residential neighborhood in up-and-coming district of Boston. Near to subway (Orange, Amtrak and Commuter), bus lines, charming cafes and beautiful parks.
Quiet, yet close to everything. JP is the Boston neighborhood with the most green space.
Roslindale is a fun neighborhood in Boston. It is diverse and full of life.  There are many unique family-owned restaurants in Roslindale Square: Indian, Chinese, Nigerian, Pizza, Mexican, Sushi, Italian, Bakery, Cheese Shop, Wine Shop, Fish Market, and more. If you travel a few minutes in the other direction, you can find even more wonderful dining and shops in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood.
Some call it the Brooklyn of Boston, Jamaica Plain is a hip neighborhood with a diverse and friendly community feel. We moved here in October 2014 and have fallen in love with the area. Neighbors are friendly and the area is well lit and safe. Pretty quiet other than the occasional siren or dog barking. Egelston square (1min walk) has a simple pizzeria, walgreens, fried fish, and other ethnic foods. Centre Street (20 min walk) is the commercial hub, with all kinds of great restaurants and bars, and whole foods market. Local cuban restaurants are a gem. The Orange line (5 min walk) can take you downtown (20 min T ride) to experience the heart of Boston.
Stunning rehabilitated Victorian era homes, glorious gardens.  Giant, mature trees through out neighborhood -- beech, sugar maple, hickory, fir.
The Neighborhood: Jamaica Plain, or JP as it’s more commonly referred to, is one of Boston’s most diverse and most happening neighborhoods. Once described as the “Eden of America,” JP evolved after the Civil War from a series of large farms to one of the country’s first streetcar suburbs. The neighborhood is a key part of the city’s famed Emerald Necklace, a seven-mile series of contiguous parks designed by renowned landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted in the late 19th century.
The apartment is located in the trendy, hip Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston. Our apartment abuts Franklin Park, is minutes to miles of hiking and biking at the Arboretum, is a short 10 minute walk to Sam Adam's Brewery and is close by to all the trendy restaurants and cafes Jamaica Plain has to offer.
The arboretum,  Jamaica Plain pond, Franklin Hill Park and Zoo and Forrest Hills Cementery are all within 15 minutes walking of the apartment, as well as a diverse mix of restaurants, bars, coffee shop/bakeries, a yoga studio, thrift stores, galleries and public transportation. There is bodega (Fernandez Spa) with basic grocery items and wine/beer and a small market featuring local food (City Feed) a few blocks away.
The house is backed by woods, across the street from hundreds of acres of fields and a cemetery/park.  It is near the arboretum and walking distance to restaurants, bars, and all that JP has to offer.
The house is on a small neighborhood street that connects to a vibrant boulevard with dozens of local restaurants and shops.  We are within walking distance to a number of great parks, including Jamaica Pond, the Harvard Arboretum, and Franklin Park. Our neighborhood, Jamaica Plain, is one of the first streetcar suburbs in America and is home to a significant portion of Boston's Emerald Necklace of parks.
The house is perfectly located in Jamaica Plain, one of Boston's hippest neighborhoods. With an eclectic mix of artists, medical professionals, students and young families, Jamaica Plain is known for its many excellent restaurants, cafés, bakeries and bars, almost all of which are within easy walking distance of our home. Also within easy walking distance are Jamaica Plain’s charming shops, a Sam Adams brewery, a library, dedicated running and bike paths, parks, tennis courts, playgrounds and Harvard University’s Arnold Arboretum, a 280-acre natural preserve and botanical research center in the heart of the city.  There is even a 68-acre (31 ha.) lake where you can rent a boat when the weather is good.  We’ll be happy to offer suggestions and recommendations, especially about our favorite restaurants, as soon as we know your particular interests. 
The house is set back in a diverse are that is quiet and friendly.  Jamaica Plain is a great neighborhood in Boston with tons of green space as well as unique shops, restaurants, and things to do.
The house sits on the Roxbury/JP border on a quiet street. We are a few blocks from the Stony Brook Orange line T and also from the brewery complex with Ula Cafe and Bella Luna and the Sam Adams brewery. Lastly we are only two blocks from the Southwest Corridor Bike Path that takes you right into downtown. It's a perfect place both in terms of convenience and peacefulness.
The neighborhood is Jamaica Plain, great for walkers, bikers and joggers with all the green space. the Arboretum park, the Jamaica Pond, public transportation and places to go, shops and restaurants on Centre St. OUTDOORS:  JP boasts more green space than any other neighborhood in Boston, explore the park: Arnold Arboretum, a gorgeous collection of paths surrounded by trees, or check out the Jamaica Pond where you can rent a boat, or join the joggers circling the perimeter. FOOD AND DRINK:  For groceries, head to the local Whole Foods or the Harvest Coop. City Feed and Supply offers great sandwiches, high-end groceries and good coffee. Next door at the Purple Cactus, you'll find quick and healthy burrito and salad. Bukhara is a good restaurant for Indian food and buffet. Petite neighborhood favorite Vee Vee offers creative American fare with vegetarian and vegan options, and brunch on Sundays. Ten Tables is another much-loved dinner spot, though booking ahead is a must as it only has--
The neighborhood is a safe, friendly area with lots of street traffic after dark. There is a bustling daytime lifestyle with outdoor activities at nearby Jamaica Pond and Franklin Park at the other end of town.  Franklin Park has one of the oldest and most interesting 18 hole golf courses in the area.
The neighborhood is complete with all shops, restaurants, transportation that you'll need.  It is easy to go anywhere in Boston.
The neighborhood is excellent since you don't need a car to get anywhere. Restaurants, shops and grocery store are right around the corner. Everyone is nice and you have Jamaica pond a few blocks away for a great run!
The neighborhood is very diverse and welcoming. People from literally all over and very socio-economically diverse. Cuban, Dominican, Ethiopian, Mexican, Lebanese, Thai, Japanese and Indian food all within walking distance. Great bars with interesting and friendly people.
The neighborhood is very lovely with parks and gardens also shops and restaurants all with in walking distance. Please feel free to take advantage of the Southwest Corridor walking/ biking trail which stretches about 5 miles from Bostons South End and  Back Bay area all the way to Forest Hills. 
The neighborhood is very safe, super convenient and extremely popular, especially with the younger crowd!  Jamaica Plain is the new hot spot with a ton of amazing new restaurants, bars, parks and festivals. There is enough to do just in the neighborhood sometimes people don't even make it to the city. There are tons of stores, boutiques, restaurants, bars, coffee houses,  all within walking distance.  The Harvard Arboretum is just a 10 min walk away and Franklin Park is 5 mins away, both extremely gorgeous places perfect for a walk, picnic or jogging! Part of Boston's sightseeing tour:  Beer lovers!: Just around the block you have the famous Doyle' which because of being very close to the Samuel Adams Brewery it has the unique opportunity to serve new or experimental Samuel Adams beers, actually it has even been used in several Hollywood movies and television series because of its unique Irish atmosphere! There is also Ten Tables and Tres Gatos -an awesome spot for a romantic dinner an
The neighborhood of Jamaica Plain (JP) is full of unique shops and is considered the 'greenest' neighborhood of Boston because it is surrounded by parks, ponds, and paths.  The Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, Southwest Corridor Park, and Franklin park are all beautiful areas to explore - all in walking distance from the apartment.  
The pond! The artists. The great bars.
The unit is a 5 minute walk away from the shopping and restaurants of Centre St, including City Feed & Supply, Centre St Cafe and Ten Tables. Also within a 10 minute walk are Jamaica Pond, Arnold Arboretum and the Southwest Corridor Park.
There's so much to love about Jamaica Plain--we wouldn't want to live anywhere else! Below are some of our neighborhood favorites, and we are always willing to make additional recommendations!  OUTDOORS: JP boasts more green space than any other neighborhood in Boston, and it's well worth exploring. Take a stroll through Arnold Arboretum, a gorgeous living tree museum, or head over to Jamaica Pond where you can rent a boat, or join the joggers circling the perimeter.  FOOD AND DRINK:  For groceries, head to the local Whole Foods. City Feed and Supply offers great sandwiches, high-end groceries and good coffee. Next door at the Purple Cactus, you'll find quick and healthy-ish burritos and salads.On the other side of Centre Street, Bukhara is a good bet for Indian food. Petite neighborhood favorite Vee Vee offers creative American fare with vegetarian and vegan options, and brunch on Sundays. Ten Tables is another much-loved dinner spot, though booking ahead is a must as it only has--you
This beautiful two-story condo is situated in a classic 19-century triple-decker that was originally built as a three family residence for Hossenreffer brewery workers - still brewing great beer under the Sam Adams name. Tours daily! The brewery bought the land in this neighborhood from a fruit orchard farmer named Paul Gore, and besides tons of gardens and green space, the neighborhood features secret fruit trees from long ago! You'll enjoy a one-block walk to Boston's newest subway -Stonybrook station on the Orange Line is a short 10 minute ride to Boston's Back Bay and downtown area. Lots of gardens, and green spaces make Jamaica Plain one of the premier residential neighborhoods in the city of Boston. My place is two blocks away from Jamaica Pond, which, in the days of the whaling ship, was used to cut large blocks of ice. Now it's a wonderful place to walk or jog around... Season permitting, rowboats and sailboats can be rented for cheap and it's a great way to spend the afternoon
This home is located between village areas of Jamaica Plain and West Roxbury, with great restaurants, thrift stores, markets, hardware stores, a pubic pool, and pretty much anything you might need, as well as being surrounded by parks. The Arnold Arboretum is one block away, an idyllic spot for biking and jogging, picnics and walks. It's a 10-15 minutes drive from Brookline, Back Bay, Roslindale and other cool areas; 30-40 minutes by bus or T. The location is ideal if you have business at Faulkner Hospital, which is literally right next door, or any of the numerous hospitals or universities in the area.
This is a fabulous neighborhood -- a gorgeous location that feels quiet and peaceful yet you are minutes away from downtown Boston. The Arnold Arboretum, Franklin Park, and the JP Pond are all very close. There are basketball courts and tennis courts and playgrounds within two blocks of the house. Cafes and all sorts of restaurants -- all within walking distance.
This is a great home base for any trip to Boston.  Jamaica Plain is convenient to all of Boston's cultural & educational (medical, historical, etc) institutions, and also a pretty interesting place in its own right.   We're in a very friendly residential neighborhood full of parks, community gardens and quirky old houses.  And we're not far from restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and breweries.
This is a great home base for any trip to Boston. Jamaica Plain is convenient to all of Boston's cultural & educational (medical, historical, etc) institutions, and also a pretty interesting place in its own right. We're in a very friendly residential neighborhood full of parks, community gardens and quirky old houses. And we're not far from restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and breweries.
This is a typical Boston neighborhood. "JP" is how the locals refer to this area. It is a very diverse mix of friendly earth conscious people. Many families, artist and hipsters live in our neighborhood. Boston is the home of many Colleges and Universities, so its a real College town, mixed in with some "townies" too. What is so special about Jamaica Plain, is the outdoor space. We have several parks designed by Fredrick Law Olmsted (he's the guy who designed Central Park in NYC incase you didn't know :-)
This is a very mixed Latino, Irish and Artist neighborhood. There are wonderful street murals throughout Jamaica Plain, beautiful park systems to walk in, easy access to downtown Boston and medical centers. The Sam Adams brewery is less than 2 blocks from our house, and in the brewery complex building is Mike's gym, Ula Cafe and the Milky Way restaurant and bar. Chilacates Mexican restaurant is around the corner and we have any number of great convenient stores in an easy walk. There is a whole foods market and a stop and shop super grocery within a 5 minute drive or 15 minute walk as well.
This is a wonderful neighborhood and area of the city, a blend of green spaces and easy access to downtown Boston by public transportation. There is the 365 acre Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond with boat rentals and fish stocked and ready, Larz Andersen park - all part of the Emerald Necklace of Boston.   Jamaica Plain Centre is a fun, friendly and eclectic mix of cafes, restaurants, shops, galleries, breweries (Sam Adams), famous and fabulous JP Licks ice cream and the oldest community theatre in the U.S.  We look forward to sharing with you some of our favorite spots.
This is part of a fabulous artist community located in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130. Great location in a diverse, artsy neighborhood, across the street from the SouthWest Corridor park and a stone's throw to playgrounds, tennis and basketball courts, skate park, and a bike path into downtown Boston. Only a 5 minute walk to the Stony Brook or Green Street train stations on the Orange line or a 1 minute walk to The Brewery buildings that host Ula Cafe, Mike's Fitness JP, Tony Williams Dance Center, Sam Adams Brewery, Bella Luna Restaurant, and The Milky Way Lounge. Also convenient to WikidFit Personal Training Studio, Chilacates, Yachris Market, City Feed, grocery stores, and other attractions such as Hyde Square, Jamaica Pond and local Jamaica Plain businesses. Quick T ride or drive to downtown Boston and the South End. Brookline, Cambridge, Dorchester, Hyde Park, Roslindale, Roxbury, and West Roxbury are also close.   This is a great location for tourists but also for doctors, researchers a
This is the best neighborhood in Boston! It's so close to the heartbeat of the city, and yet also surrounded by the natural world. At the end of my street is a gorgeous park that stretches for miles. There are a few ponds in this stretch of park, and the largest is just a 5 minute walk away. It's a very walkable neighborhood, full of cute restaurants, shops, and tons of local flare.
To gauge distances between my house and destinations, do a maps search with your origin being the nearby subway stop, which is Green Street on the MBTA Orange Line. To research the bus schedule from my house to Longwood medical center hospitals, search on the term "39 Schedule". The bus schedule will come up on the transit authority's site. There's easy street parking, no sticker required, on my street. At worst, if you get here late at night, you'll have to circle the block and park on Carolina Avenue or Lee Street. Either is an easy walk to my house.  My house is within a quick walk (about 6 minutes)  to the subway that will get you downtown or to Cambridge/MIT/Harvard or anywhere else in Boston.  It's also about a 6-minute walk to a bus that can bring you to the Longwood medical center,  the Museum of Fine Arts, Copley Square, Northeastern University, the Prudential Shops, and Mass. College of Art.  There's a great organic food store, Harvest, within a 17-minute walk. Harvest Co-Op 
Very welcoming, overall safe, and accessible neighborhood. Home to Boston's Emerald Necklace, Arnold Arboretum and Jamaica Pond. Fiores' local bakery offers delicious sandwiches and pastries, as well as an array of vegan food and is just one block away. CVS, Blanchard's liquor store, Indian, Thai, Purple Cactus (burritos and wraps), other sandwich shops, JP Licks ice cream, banks, shopping, library, are all one to three blocks away in the center of town.
Vibrant, diverse, creative, and fun.  JP is the best neighborhood in Boston - okay, I may be a bit biased!  There are excellent restaurants, galleries, boutique shops, and fun pubs all within walking distance.  
Walkable to parks and transit, shops and restaurants, this is Boston's hippest neighborhood with every demographic represented.  
We are a 5 minute walk to Doyle's Cafe, where you can catch a free shuttle to the Sam Adam's Brewery.  You can see the Franklin Park William's Gate from your window--Boston's largest green space in the Emerald Necklace.  There are two sweet neighborhood cafes within 7 minutes of the house--or you can enjoy your own brew while you take in the views. Downtown JP's Centre Street, with lively restaurants, clothing shops and pubs, is a 17 minute walk.  We provide  recommended walking routes so that you can tour of some of JP's other fine Victorian homes.
We are blocks from the Sam Adams Brewery, which features free brewery tours, and several wonderful cafes.  If you love the outdoors, there are so many spots to choose from: We are minutes from Franklin Park (our favorite) which can make you feel like you're in the wilderness; JP Pond, where you can rent a boat or just go for a stroll; or the expansive Arboretum.  Centre Street is 20 minutes walking distance, with lots of shops and restaurants - or try Chilacates, a super-local Mexican joint.
We are on the top of historic Sumner Hill, a post-civil war neighborhood of stunning VIctorians.  Glorious gardens surround most of the homes along your walk to the Orange Line subway.
We are situation on top of Sumner Hill, a neighborhood on the National Registry of Historic Places.  Most mansions on Sumner Hill were built in the immediate after-math of the Civil War, although some predate the war.  The neighborhood was the home of many activists who fought against slavery and for the vote for former slaves and for women, as well as against the slaughter of Armenians before World War I.  The Loring Greenough House, a museum that served as a hospital during the Civil War, is just around the corner from us, and is open for tours.  Historic tours of the neighborhood are also available through that museum.
We have great restaurants and local shops. We are very close to the Jamaica Plain Pond and the Arnold Arboretum. We encourage our guests to get to know our amazing neighborhood.
We live in a spacious single family home in a family oriented neighborhood five minutes walk to the Brewery in JP (with a large gym, Bella Luna restaurant, Ula Cafe, and Sam Adams tours along with Mama and Me a great resource for families with young kids). We are a five minutes walk to the T (subway), with several playgrounds, the Southwest Corridor, Franklin Park Zoo, and local Dominican restaurants in close proximity. We have several excellent coffee shops great for picking up yummy breakfasts within a 10 minute walk (Canto 6, Café Ula, Cityfeed and Supply, and Bartlett Square café) and are a 15-20 min walk from JP center and Hyde Square where you can find a variety of food from Thai to Indian, to high end cuisine. Together with neighbors we helped start the Egleston Community Orchard around the corner from our home which hosts several annual festivals, outdoor movies in the summer, and is an open space to play in and pick fruit.
We live in a spacious single family home in a family oriented neighborhood five minutes walk to the Brewery in JP (with a large gym, Bella Luna restaurant, Ula Cafe, and Sam Adams tours along with Mama and Me a great resource for families with young kids). We are a five minutes walk to the T (subway), with several playgrounds, the Southwest Corridor, Franklin Park Zoo, and local Dominican restaurants in close proximity. We have several excellent coffee shops great for picking up yummy breakfasts within a 10 minute walk (Canto 6, Café Ula, Cityfeed and Supply, and La Rana Rossa) as well as the new Chilcates mexican restaurant, and we are a 15-20 min walk from JP center and Hyde Square where you can find a variety of food from Thai to Indian, to high end cuisine.  Together with neighbors we helped start the Egleston Community Orchard around the corner from our home which hosts several annual festivals, outdoor movies in the summer, and is an open space to play in and pick fruit.
We live in the Stony Brook neighborhood, a block away from Franklin park, and a ten minute walk from the Arnold Arboretum.  The heart of the nightborhood is the community garden, the Minton Stable Garden, which hosts regular summer cookouts, and houses plots of local gardeners.  People in the neighborhood tend to say hello to each other.  We participate in weekly community dinners, so if you join us on a Monday or Tuesday night, you'll have a chance to get to know other people who live in the neighborhood. 
We love Egleston Square and Jamaica Plain. The neighborhood is diverse and welcoming. The Franklin Park Zoo is just a 10 min walk from our home and the Park itself has some lovely trails. We are also minutes away from local area farmers markets, cafes, restaurants,  live music, the Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, bustling Center St., Whole Foods Market, and less than 10 min train or car ride from the Museum of Fine Arts, Newbury St. and Fenway Park. We have lived in the city for many years and look forward to sharing our knowledge of Boston with you.
We love Jamaica Plain and Egleston Square. The neighborhood is diverse and welcoming. The Franklin Park Zoo is just a 10 min walk from our home and the Park itself has some lovely trails. We are also minutes away from local area farmers markets, cafes, restaurants,  live music, the Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, bustling Center St., Whole Foods Market, and less than 10 min train or car ride from the Museum of Fine Arts, Newbury St. and Fenway Park. We have lived in the city for many years and look forward to sharing our knowledge of Boston with you.
We love Jamaica Plain. We're a little obsessed. Where else in the city do you have restaurants, shopping, a 10 minute train ride to downtown, 8 miles of conservation land, and a little bit of peace and quiet (away from Boston's throws of students!). Our favorite part about Jamaica Plain is the beautiful green space, the friendly neighbors, and the fact that we've got it all right at our finger tips! We are more than happy to make restaurant/bar/activities recommendations to any guests who want some guidance figuring out how best to spend their time. 
We love everything about our neighborhood! You can see from the map that you're walking distance to just about everything you could need. Our street is quiet and our neighbors are friendly. We all have each other's backs, which is a rarity for a city in the 21st century!
We love our home and community. It's a great, cozy house on a quiet street in a historic area across from a park and a 1-minute walk from the neighborhood's main street where there are lots of good restaurants, cute shops, a good wine store, two small grocery stores, great playgrounds for kids, etc.  Across the street from our house is the Eliot School, the 4th oldest educational institution in the US, and on Eliot Street you'll also find the Footlight Theater, "America's oldest community theater." And for just a bit more history check out the Loring-Greenough house, at the end of Eliot St., which George Washington and General Nathanael Greene visited in the 1700s, and where every Thursday eve in the summer you'll find food trucks, fun bands and scores of local families.  We're also a 5-minute walk from the Arnold Arboretum and Jamaica Pond - great for running, walks, renting sailboats and rowboats, fishing, and part of the Emerald Necklace along which one can bike to get to the Longwo
We love that our neighborhood combines the best of city living with a small town feeling. Jamaica Plain has a lot of green space, great restaurants and shops and is a quick T ride to Downtown Boston.
We provide maps, directions and advice on the area. Jamaica Plain is a funky, alternative, multi-cultural community. It has many good restaurants, coffee-shops and bars, and several famers markets. There are fun thrift shops and boutiques for shopping, and an abundance of green space, including the Arnold Arboretum.  All of this is within 1-2 miles of our house--a good walk or quick bus ride. 
We provide maps, directions and advice on the area. Jamaica Plain is a funky, alternative, multicultural neighborhood with beautiful green spaces, including Jamaica Pond and the Arnold Arboretum. JP has many good restaurants, coffee-shops and bars. There are fun thrift shops and boutiques for shopping. All of this is within 1-2 miles of our house--walking distance or an easy bus ride. Want to know more about Jamaica Plain? See the excellent guidebook here on Airbnb at this link: https://www.airbnb.com/locations/boston/jamaica-plain 
We recently moved to the Jamaica Plain neighborhood, and immediately fell in love with the local restaurants and beautiful parks.  There's a ton of amazing restaurants with fantastically diverse cuisines, and also plenty of parks to relax and enjoy the outdoors (5 min drive to Harvard arboretum is a must!). The Sam Adams brewery tour is one of the most popular attractions in Boston, and it's a 7 minute drive away (or 1 stop on the orange line). JP also has a ton of cool local shops and stores, so be sure to check out the downtown area. We're  still learning more about the local culture, and loving every minute of it!
We're in the Egleston neighborhood -- also called the Brewery District in Jamaica Plain/Roxbury. It's fantastically walkable and beautiful with parks and bike paths and the train and Hubway. For the city, it's remarkably quiet,  friendly and tree-ed. Cafes, bars, shops abound.
We're situated right between the Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, and the best food and shopping JP has to offer! It's an exceptionally clean and safe neighborhood--I've never felt unsafe, even walking alone at night. The Sam Adams Brewery is ~1 mile away and is a must-see while you're here! There are many options for groceries, including Whole Foods (1 mile away, easily accessible by bus), Stop & Shop (1.4 miles, also easy to get to via bus, a brand new Wegmans (10 minute drive), and a weekly farmers' market one block away. We're less than a block from a YMCA-like community center if you're looking for somewhere affordable to work out. There's also a Boston Public Library branch next to that, but it's currently closed for renovations and I'm not sure when it's set to re-open. For any dog owners, we're 1 mile away from the Beecher Street Dog Park (off-leash, fully enclosed). We're also a block away from Polkadog Bakery if you're looking to spoil your furry friend with some delicious gourmet tr
Well located for JP's many offerings, including Arnold Arboretum and several Olmsted parks.  Ease of downtown Boston access.  A walkable neighborhood, close to cafes and basic essentials. There's a cafe a block away and a store w/ basic provisions nearby. Approx. 8 minute walk up to Centre Street where there are diverse and restaurants and cafes, various small stores, Post Office etc.
What I love about my neighborhood is the green space, the restaurants, and the people.
Within 10 minutes walk from the home is: 1. The Arboretum - a great park with lots of walking paths, hills, trees, plants, and flowers! 2. Jamaica Pond - The gem of Jamaica Plain, go for a walk around the pond or just enjoy the view 3. South/Centre Street - cafe's, art, shops, groceries, dinner, and ice cream! 4. Sam Adam's Brewery! - a nice walk down the southwest corridor park takes you up to the Sam Adams Brewery (~15 minutes).  If you're exhausted from all the fun you're having, you can hop on the orange line and take it 1 stop :)  And the tour is free! So much more! If you haven't checked out the airbnb neighborhood review of JP - see it here: https://www.airbnb.com/locations/boston/jamaica-plain
Wonderful neighborhood. Just 5 minutes to Stonybrook T stop, a 10 minute walk to Centre St, and 15 minutes to Franklin Park & Arnold Arboretum. The apartment is set back off the street on a shared driveway.
You can get downtown in 10 minutes. Walk to coffee shops and restaurants 2 min away.
You can walk to Arnold Arboretum in minutes and it is beautiful in all seasons. Jamaica Pond is just a mile away. The center of Jamaica Plain is a short 8 minute walk. The neighborhood is  a friendly place. I love it for its music, restaurants, shops and natural beauty- and for its wonderful mix of people.
diverse, friendly ,convenient, sought after neighborhood among both young and old due to proximity to downtown, hospitals , universities and outdoor space.  convenient to transportation and bike bath
the neighborhood is exactly that ... a neighborhood with large Victorian mostly single family homes
this is a prime location for jamaica plain! just a 3 minute walk to the Green st station on the orange line and a 10 minute walk to the #39 bus which takes you into backbay/copley via the Museum of Fine Arts and many universities. the location is about a 10 minute walk from the center of jp, which hosts everything from amazing dive bars to gourmet tacos to korean food to grassfed burgers. there are wonderful shops and thrift stores nearby, as well as beautiful parks like the arboretum and jamaica pond. JP is a diverse area - don't forget to walk down washington street and get a taste of some dominican rice and beans!