Close to green line T. Close to Longwood Medical Center, Boston VA Hospital, New England Baptist hospital, Bringham & Women's Hospital, Benjamin Health Care, Simmons College, Emmanuel College and Northeastern University.
Connivence to almost everywhere-  penguins pizza  Centre Street Cafe JP Licks James' Gate Harvest  stop&shop
Easy access to downtown Boston. Close to restaurants, hospitals, schools and supermarkets. Walking distance from Longwood medical area.
Everything is so close!  Need to walk or just immerse yourself in greenery? Olmsted Park is right down the road. Groceries?  There's a Whole Foods two blocks away!  Ice cream?  Check out JP Licks in "downtown" Jamaica Plain (they also have great coffee)!  Or for an ultra coffee experience, check out Pond 7, JP's newest coffee shop. There's so much more to discover!
Fenway park, Northeastern University, Massart, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana Farber are all within 20 minutes walking distance away. It is also just a two minute walk away from restaurants and a grocery store.
Great environment with lots of restaurants, bars, and tourist attractions nearby.
Great location for any short-term visitors and students  or long-term for healthcare professionals looking for temporary housing. Near by hospitals Boston Childrens Hospital  Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Brigham and Women's Hospital New England Baptist Hospital Joslin Diabetes Center Dana Farber Cancer Institute Nearby Schools Harvard Medical School Harvard school of public health Mass. College of Pharmacy (MCPHS) MassArt Simmons College Northeastern University Area Amenities  Grocery store (Stop and Shop) and Walgreens Pharmacy - 5 minutes Many restaurants (sit-in & takeout) and bars 5-10 minutes
Great location! Walk to the Longwood Medical Area, the Green and Orange lines, restaurants, banking, groceries and a drug store. Easy commute to downtown.
It's a quiet and safe residential area with good restaurants, bars, and everything you need!
Living at The Longwood Apartments, residents will be within walking distance to the Longwood Medical Area (Brigham and Womens, Dana Farber, Children's Hospital and Beth Isreal Deconess Hospitals) a variety of shops and restaurants as well as convenient to Copley Square, Prudential Center, the Financial District and Downtown Boston.
Living at this address, residents will be within walking distance to a variety of shops and restaurants as well as convenient to Copley Square, Prudential Center, the Financial District and Downtown Boston.
Located in Beautiful Jamaica Plain right on the Emerald Necklace, you are also right on the edge of Fenway and Brookline.  Awesome nature trails to Jamaica Pond,
Lots of great restaurants and bars to choose from, in addition to plenty of sights to see nearby! A diverse neighborhood, good number of students, but laid-back and quiet most of the time.
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – Il Mondo Pizzeria, Sushi Station, Lillys Gourmet Pasta Express, and T.G.I Fridays – all within .2 mi  •Stop & Shop for groceries - .2 mi •Longwood Medical Area - .2 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .5 mi •Copely Plaza – 1.8 mi •Fanuiel Hall – 4.9 mi •House of Blues - 1.4 mi •Boston Conservatory - 1.7 mi •Fenway Park – 1.2 mi •Landmark Center – Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Staples -  1 mi •Boston University (1.6 mi) & Northeastern University (.6 mi) •Harvard Medical School – .4 mi
Major Attractions: •Restaurants – Sushi Station (.1 mi), TGI Fridays (.1 mi), Penguin Pizza (.2 mi), La Morra (.9 mi), Arizona BBQ (1 mi) •Shawmut Grocery Store and Whole Foods Market for groceries – 1.3 mi •Longwood Medical Area - .3 mi •Museum of Fine Arts - .7 mi •Copely Square – 2.1 mi •Faneuil Hall – 4.8 mi •House of Blues - 1.6 mi •Boston Conservatory - 1.8 mi •Fenway Park – 1.4 mi •Landmark Center – Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Staples -  1.1 mi •Boston University (1.7 mi) & Northeastern University (.9 mi) •Harvard Medical School – .3 mi
Mission Hill has a laid back college vibe that has easy access to all of the city.  We are friends with our neighbors on the street and enjoy the bars and restaurants all around.
Mission Hill is a hidden gem. It has a lot to offer but also much more affordable than most of Boston.  It is an urban residential area but also very close to the parks. Easy access to Fenway, Museum of Fine Arts, and Gardner Museum. There are several restaurants (Chinese, Indian, Sushi, Mediterranean etc) within walking distance. There is a convenient store about a block away; Walgreens and Stop and Shop are a 5 minute walk away.
Mission Hill is home to a younger demographic.  At night there are always people out and about.   We are walking distance to public transportation and the beautiful Museum of Fine Arts.
Mostly medical students and professionals. Very quiet neighbors.
Mostly medical students and professionals. Very quiet neighbors. Plug in your iPhone and enjoy your music from two great systems. Music is good for the soul as are the surround canopy of trees, rare to have in the city.
Mostly medical students and professionals. Very quiet neighbors. Plug in your iPhone and enjoy your music from two great systems. Music is good for the soul as are the surround canopy of trees, rare to have in the city.  Penguin Pizza is THE go-to place for food and beverages.
My neighborhood is mostly owner occupied housing, it is the result of 30 years of grass roots organizing and a locally responsible Community Development Corporation. I have a decent interaction with many of my neighbors. We have a  4 mile long linear park nearby with a bike path. 2 blocks to the top of the hill there is an old apple orchard and a deeply wooded forest, that can be quite good for watching birds. There are nearby sports fields and playgrounds as well. From the top of Mission Hill one can see most of Boston and even part of the bay. Our location is probably the best thing about this neighborhood.
My place is in Mission Hill, just a short walk away from Jamaica Plain’s lively Centre Street. My condo is located on a quiet street that is both a mix of Jamaica Plain’s trendy new lofts and Mission Hill’s more modest residential vibe.  You’ll also have easy access to both the Green Line train and the 39 bus, both conveniently located just 2 blocks from my home (a 5 minute walk). Hop on and explore the heart of downtown Boston located 2.5 miles away -- a short trip by bus, train, car or (if you’re feeling ambitious) by foot! Additionally, if you’d like to get a taste of the outdoors, my home is a 5 minute walk  from the Emerald Necklace, Boston’s interwoven chain of parks and waterways. The Mission Hill location also provides easy access to some of the city’s fabulous museums! Both the Isabella Stuart Gardner Museum and the Museum of Fine Arts are just a mile and a half away and should not be missed. As an added bonus, my place is within a mile to the city’s medical district (Longwood
Near to many places, including convenience stores, Bars, restaurants, the train, museums, and Boston Copley Plaza.
Our neighborhood is in a safe part of town and there is always something going on. The people are friendly, and there are parks nearby for dog lovers to take their pets for walks. There are great restaurants nearby; our favorites are the Sushi Station next door, and Crispy Dough Pizzeria up the street. There are plenty of other restaurants, as well as a supermarket that we use frequently for our big dinners, by Brigham Circle, a minute's walk from our house.
Plenty of bars and restaurants close by. Walking distance to Longwood Medical area (Harvard Med, MCPHS, Brigham, Beth Israel, Dana Farber....) and Fenway Park. 2 Large parks close by.
The Mission Hill Historic District is just across Huntington Avenue from the Longwood Medical Area, where most of my guests work.  It's also near the Gardner Museum and the Museum of Fine Arts.  The New England Conservatory is a 20 minute walk and there are wonderful free concerts there in beautiful Jordan Hall--check their website!  Symphony Hall and historic Wally's Jazz Club are about the same distance.  The Colleges of the Fenway, MassArt, and Northeastern University are also nearby.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Copley Plaza and Fanuiel Hall are just a short ride away. With a diverse mix of shopping, a wonderful array of restaurants and neighboring medical facilities all within walking distance, City View at Longwood apartments are a great place to call home.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Copley Plaza and Fanuiel Hall are just a short ride away. With a diverse mix of shopping, a wonderful array of restaurants and neighboring medical facilities all within walking distance, City View at Longwood apartments are a great place to call home. 
The apartment is about a 10 minute walk from Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard School of Medicine, and a 15 minute walk from the Boston Children's Hospital, Northeastern University, and other surrounding hospitals and facilities. There is a grocery store (Stop and Shop), a Walgreens, a Dunkin', a Bank of America, a 7-11, Penguin Pizza, multiple bars/pubs, etc, within a 5 minute walk. The neighborhood is really quiet even being in such a hospital mecca; I never hear traffic and very occasionally hear an emergency vehicle. Sometimes the neighbors can be noisy on Friday and Saturday nights, but being on the third story, the sounds are pretty muted.
The apartment is located in the neighborhood of Mission Hill. It is vibrant, diverse and full of things to do, with easy access to public transportation and downtown. Parking is difficult but not impossible.
The apartment is located in the neighborhood of Mission Hill. It is vibrant, diverse and full of things to do, with easy access to public transportation and downtown. There are many restaurants and bars within walking distance. Parking is on street, difficult to find, but not impossible. 
The apartment is minutes away from the Longwood medical area and grocery stores, and public transportation (both Buses and trains). Also, Fenway areas is just 15 minutes walking as well. We also have a free parking available inside the apartment where the guest can park for a few days.
The best part about Mission Hill ("The Hill") is its proximity to all the best places in Boston. Fenway Park and the Museum of Fine Arts are a within a twenty minute walk. The Hill has that authentic old Boston feel without the longer commute. Public Transportation is great in Mission Hill. My listing's address has a 100/100 transitscore and a 90+ walkscore. There are a plethora of schools in Boston and the surrounding towns. Mission Hill is known for its large student and medical professional populations, as Northeastern University, Harvard Medical School, the Fenway Colleges, and the Longwood medical institutions are adjacent to Mission Hill.  The nearest grocery store is a 5-10 minute walk away at Brigham Circle. The apartment building is neighbored by a Dunkin Donuts on one side and a bodega on the other side, which has some basic items.  Mission Hill may not be as upscale as Beacon Hill, but it is safe, Boston Police Headquarters is just a few blocks away in Roxbury. I have lived 
The immediate neighborhood is residential. There are two convenience stores on the corner alongside a pizza joint and a Chinese restaurant that are both open until 3am for those late night, post-bar cravings! 2 minute walk to a string of parks and ponds that make great places to have a run, clear your head, or spend your day. 5 minute walk to Brookline Village, some wonderful restaurants and little speciality shops. 10 minute walk to Centre Street, the Boston hipster paradise. Tons of health food stores, thrift shops, and one-of-a-kind places you have to go see.
The location is perfect - only five minutes' walk to the Orange Line and ten to the Green Line - with a biking/walking path all the way into town, only twenty minutes on foot or ten by bike. Similar distances get you to Whole Foods grocery, the beautiful Jamaica Pond, and the Sam Adams brewery!
The neighborhood is quite and clean, there are parking spots available for guests for free.
This area is great because is a good midway point between the cultural melting pot that is the town of Jamaica Plain and Fenway park. Public transportation to the downtown area is right outside your door!
This property is located on the Green Line at the Longwood Medical T stop and Academic Area, with easy access to the Mass Pike, Huntington Avenue (Route 9), the MBTA Green Line 'E' Branch and the Orange Line. The Museum of Fine Arts, Copley Plaza and Fanuiel Hall are just a short ride away.
Very close to Harvard Medical School and School of Public Health, and the Longwood Medical Area.
Very quiet neighborhood, away from college parties. Most residents are families, older folks, or quiet, young professionals. Jamaica Pond is also walking distance and is a beautiful area for running or lying out on the grace!
We are located right next to Roxbury Crossing T station (2 minute walk), which puts you no more than 2-3 stops (5 minutes) from Northeastern Campus and Back Bay shopping and dining. After just 2-3 more stops, you're right in the heart of the city with endless options of things to do, see, and eat! If you prefer to walk, the Museum of Fine Arts is just a 15-minute walk down the street. You could even walk through a portion of the iconic Emerald Necklace path, The Fenz, while on your way to Fenway Park.  The options are endless when living in Mission Hill. The area is diverse with students, families, and young working professionals living amongst each other. There are countless eateries and beautiful architecture within a very reasonable walking distance.
We are walking distance from Fenway, Isabella Gardner Museum, Museum of Fine Arts, Northeastern University, Longwood Medical, Harvard School of Public Health, and many other attractions.
We are walking distance to  Brigham and Longwood, and the Museum of Fine Arts.  Walkable to Fenway Park.  Easy public transit to downtown, financial district, the Boston Common, the Theater District, and the fine shopping at Newbury Street. This centrally-located neighborhood is popular with medical professionals and students alike.  This makes the neighborhood quite safe at all hours of day and night.  Sometimes weekends see the streets fill with revelers, who can get noisy. Grocery store, liquor store, and CVS are all just down the block.  In 10 minutes' walk you can get to any number of restaurants; our favorites are the Squealing Pig, Penguin Pizza, and Mike's Doughnuts for breakfast.  There's also a Dunkin Donuts if you're on the move.
Worthington Street has the charming/classic Boston walk-up feel. The neighbors are all very quiet and respectful.
便利店、药店、冰淇淋店、美食店、酒吧、理发美甲店、加油站、银行、邮局、地铁、哈佛医学院和公共卫生学院全部都在步行5分钟左右,十分便利的街区,也很安全
街区安全。