 Today's residents of Roslindale are attracted to the neighborhood's natural beauty. Locals walk and bike in the Arnold Arboretum, a 265-acre oasis that is part of Frederick Law Olmsted's Emerald Necklace. The neighborhood is lovely, vibrant, safe, quiet and friendly .
Access to public transportation it is only two minutes walk from the aparment.
BE ADVISED: This is a super fun neighborhood in Boston, but please note that it is NOT DOWNTOWN and not within walking distance of downtown. There seems to be a lot of confusion on the part of prospective guests on this matter. Furthermore, my residence is quite FAR FROM HARVARD AND MIT. It will take you over an HOUR to get there by public transportation.  In my neighborhood, I am glad to direct you to any of our unique dining options. We have lots of bakeries around here. And you'd better enjoy parks. We have several big ones, including one with the best view of downtown Boston in the area! During the summer there are Boston Summer League baseball games at Fallon Field almost every night.
Historic Boston/Cambridge area is easily accessible. World-famous Beacon Hill, Freedom Trail, Fenway Park, Harvard Square, the Museum of Fine Arts, Symphony Hall, Boston's renowned colleges and universities, the Esplanade by the Charles River, Arnold Arboretum, historic homes, antique stores, Copley Square and Prudential Center Shopping - all of downtown Boston! Golf close to home at George Wright or Franklin Park Public Golf Courses. Whale watching, Trolley Tours and Duckboat Tours, the Boston Common and Public Garden are all wonderful experiences in and around Boston. There are miles of walking and biking pathways on the nearby Emerald Necklace, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, creator of NYC's Central Park. The Charles River offers sailboat and kayak rentals, as well as unforgettable views. 
I love the proximity to downtown, the neighborhood pride, safety, nice shops and restaurants within a 8-minute walk.  Roslindale is welcoming to all types of people.  The City website describes it:  "Once considered a "garden suburb" of Boston, today's residents of Roslindale are still attracted to the neighborhood's natural beauty. Locals walk and bike in the Arnold Arboretum, a 265-acre oasis that is part of Frederick Law Olmsted's Emerald Necklace.....Roslindale Village is the city's original Main Street district and now one of the city's most vibrant, featuring several bistros, unique shops, and wireless Internet access. The MBTA Orange Line and Commuter Rail provide commuters with easy access to downtown."
If you like quaint villages, come to Rozzie Square and explore the great shops and restaurants: American, Indian, Italian, Korean, etc.  Some play live music on selected nights. Local Craft and Art shops. Great Cheese, Fish, Bakeries, Wine and Flower stores.  Only 20 minutes to downtown Boston in the Commuter Train from Rozzie Square.  The famous Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University and many other parks are within walking distance. Golf course nearby.
Neighborhood is welcoming, close to restaurants, cafes and stores.
Our home is located on the top of one of the tallest mountains in Boston.  It is a twenty minute walk to the center of the remarkable little village of Roslindale which features several of the best restaurants in the Boston area.  A beautiful village green, commuter rail or bus to downtown Boston, public library, great bakeries and lastly, my award- winning gift shop.
Our neighborhood is quiet and relaxed. There is a lovely village green in walking distance with a diverse selection of shops and restaurants - mostly locally owned. In warm months we have the best farmer's market around. The heart of Boston is only 25 minutes or so away by public transport, sometimes less by car. It is a perfect blend of access to the city and a break from the hustle and bustle.
Our neighborhood is residential with friendly neighbors. Roslindale is a very safe area.  Our neighbors have children who work on the Boston Police force.  We feel so lucky to live here.   We are very close to Boston's major hospitals. Our neighborhood is near lots of different houses of worship so even while you are on vacation, you can make time for spirituality if you wish. There are also many terrific restaurants nearby for a variety of dining experiences for your enjoyment.  We'll be happy to share with you some of our favorites.
Quiet Roslindale, close to the trendy Jamaica Plain and walking distance to Harvard's Arnold Arboretum. Climb Peter's Hill, and run around Jamaica Pond!
Quiet, safe, diverse neighborhood. Walking distance from stores, restaurants, public transportation and lovely green space Arnold Arboretum.
Roslindale Village is the area of Boston where the house is.  It is one of Boston's premier neighborhoods--truly a "village" feel within the busy city. A pleasant 8-minute walk from the center of Roslindale Village and you are back home! Straight up Birch Street!  (from the Birch Street Bistrot for example!!)
Roslindale is 15 minutes away from downtown Boston by commuter rail, Roslindale Village is located about one mile from several bars / restaurants / shops, and is close to JP's Centre/South st neighborhood and West Roxbury's Centre Street district. Roslindale is close to Route 128 and directly on the “Providence to Boston Turnpike," or Washington Street By car, Roslindale is less than 20 minutes from downtown Boston. The unit is a 5 minute walk to Roslindale Village. 30 min walk to Jamaica Plain, and right next to the beautiful Arnold Arboretum.
Roslindale is a great city neighborhood with one of Boston's best farmers' markets, as well as a good selection of restaurants, shops, and a public library. The house is a short walk from The Arnold Arboretum, Roslindale Square, and public transportation.
Roslindale is a lovely little neighborhood located right in the city of Boston.  Though a part of the actual city, once you enter it, you feel as though you have escaped to a suburb with friendly neighbors.  The area is conveniently located with access to the city’s bus and subway system.  The Orange Line and Commuter Rail services connect the area to the heart of Boston and the neighboring towns.  It is situated close to shops, restaurants, grocery stores, parks and neighboring towns.  The farmer’s market held in the neighborhood’s center, Roslindale Village, and goes on all summer on Saturday morning.  Vendors of all different types of arts, crafts, and foods come to the neighborhood.  The Arnold Arboretum is a 265 acre park constructed as part of Frederick Law Olmsted’s Emerald Necklace project to provide Boston a connection through neighborhoods through it’s parks.  Jamaica Pond is also part of the emerald necklace which sits at the confluence of Jamaica Plain (a neighboring neighb
Roslindale is a primarily residential neighborhood of Boston, bordered by Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, West Roxbury and Mattapan. It is served by an MBTA Commuter Rail line, several MBTA bus lines and the MBTA Orange Line in nearby Jamaica Plain. Six miles south-southwest of downtown Boston, Roslindale was originally part of the town of Roxbury. In 1851, current day Jamaica Plain, Roslindale and West Roxbury seceded from Roxbury. The area voted in 1873 to be annexed to the City of Boston. Roslindale has a supermarket in the town's square and some of best and reputable restaurants in Boston, to name a few: 1- Defino (Italian) Address: 754 South St, Roslindale, MA 02131 2- Shanti (Indian) Address: 4197 Washington St, Roslindale, MA 02131 3- Birch Street Bistro (American) Address: 14 Birch St, Roslindale, MA 02131 4- Village Sushi. Address: 14 Corinth St, Roslindale, MA 02131 5- Sophia's Grotto (Italian) Address: 22r Birch St, Roslindale, MA 02131 6- Redd's in Rozzie (Southern BBQ) Address: 
Roslindale is a quiet and family friendly, yet fun and funky neighborhood of Boston.  Roslindale Village is a 15 minute walk from our home and is home to many wonderful restaurants and shops.  The Arnold Arboretum is also a 15 minute walk and is am amazing place to walk, bike and explore.  Roslindale Village has a commuter rail stop that will take you into the city center but the subway line (which runs all the time, unlike the commuter rail) is a quick bus ride or about a 20 minute walk away.  Saturday mornings in June-October, stroll into the Village for the Roslindale Farmer's Market.  The drive to our home from Logan Airport is approximately 30 minutes.  Hiring a car is definitely recommended, though not absolutely necessary.
Roslindale is a vibrant area of Boston, with resturants and cafes, though it is to the Arboretum that I usually direct visitors if they have the time to explore.
Roslindale is one of the neighborhoods of Boston!  Our neighborhood is residential with friendly neighbors. Roslindale is a very safe area.  Our neighbors have children who work on the Boston Police force.  We feel so lucky to live here.   We are very close to houses of worship as well as Boston's major hospitals. Our neighborhood is near lots of different houses of worship so even while you are on vacation, you can make time for spirituality if you wish. There are also many terrific restaurants nearby for a variety of dining experiences for your enjoyment.  We'll be happy to share with you some of our favorites.
Roslindale is quiet, convenient and friendly.  For Southern food try Redd's in Rozzie.  Italian Delfino's or Sophia's Grotto are great. Birch St Bistro has nice atmostphere--a little pricier.   If you are cooking the Fish Market has fresh fish daily; Tony's makes his own sausages and has Italian foods;  for  a wide variety of delicious cheeses and chocolates go to the Cheese Cellar on Birch St.
Roslindale is the new "hip" area of Boston. We have several great restaurants, cafes, a real bakery, butcher, fish store, cheese store, wine shop and grocery in "Rosi Square". The commuter rail (Needham Line) from the Roslindale stop into downtown Boston is also there and it takes 15 minutes to South Station. Closest MBTA subway stop is FOREST HILLS on the Orange line. Many guests also use UBER. House is in quiet and safe neighborhood with a nice backyard- relax after a long day of site-seeing.
Roslindale is the new hip area of Boston. "The Square" is a 5 minute walk from my house and there are restaurants, grocery, train and buses into town, public library, etc
Roslindale is the new hip area of Boston. Close to downtown but still quiet, safe and private.  I even have a small backyard where you can relax.  Great restaurants and all services close by.
Saturday Farmers market in the square with free kids entertainment. Now happening winter too indoors at Son's of Italy Hall Jan-March. Enjoying the changing seasons in the oasis of the Harvard university arboretum
The LOCATION: Roslindale is a safe and diverse Boston neighborhood located between Jamaica Plain and West Roxbury. This apartment is on Ardale Street, a quiet side street off Centre Street.  This is about one-half mile from Faulkner Hospital, walking distance to the renowned Arnold Arboretum park (look for it on (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)), and about 20-minute drive to the Longwood Medical Center area. I have easy, restriction-free, on-street parking here, and a back yard. Just one block from the house, there is a 7-11 convenience store, a dry-cleaner, a Mexican restaurant, a pizza parlor, a popular sports bar and grill (similar to an Irish Pub), and another restaurant for breakfast and lunch.  The house is located 1/2 mile from Roslindale Square where you will find more restaurants, 4 bakeries, the public library and the post office. There is a superb farmers market here every Saturday. The fast-train to downtown Boston stops there, too.
The room is in Roslindale, a diverse and primarily residential neighborhood of Boston. It's well connected via public transportation to other neighborhoods and easy to access by car. Roslindale Square is a nice business district with supermarkets. banks, a bakery, etc. (See my Guidebook for some recommendations). The Arnold Arboretum is just steps away.
This Boston location is true gem - just a few miles from downtown, the cottage is nestled among single family homes.  Behind is the 10 acre Roslindale Urban Wild conservation land, and just across the street is the Arnold Arboretum which was the first arboretum in the United States. The 300 acre arboretum is beautiful and serene. The 17 acre Harvard University botanical research facility directly facing the cottage includes Weld Hill, planted as a wildflower meadow it provides a pleasant walk and views of the neighborhood. Great shopping and restaurants are nearby in Rozzie Center ( 15 minute walk), West Roxbury, Jamaica Plain and downtown Boston. Accessible by public transportation but a car would be helpful in this area.
This a nice multicultural, family neighborhood.
This a nice multicultural, family neighborhood. Easily accessed by public transportation, car or bicycle.
This a nice multicultural, family neighborhood. Easily accessed by public transportation, car or bycicle.
This is a safe beautiful neighborhood bordering the Arnold Arboretum. Easy walk to dinner safe to walk home at night.
This is a very quiet neighborhood. Guests often remark at how quiet this neighborhood is for being in the 3rd most densely populated city in the US. You are within walking distance to the village square where you will find restaurants, markets, and a variety of shops.
This is a very quiet neighborhood. So quiet you will hear the birds sing. Guests often remark at how quiet this neighborhood is for being in the 3rd most densely populated city in the US. You are within walking distance to the village square where you will find restaurants, markets, and a variety of shops.
Today's Roslindale is not the "Rozzie" of my youth.  Lots of great restaurants, pubs, sports bars and more within walking distance of my place.  Beautiful Arnold Arboretum also within 15-20 minute walk.
Village 1 mile with banks, grocery store, special meat and fish stores, international wine and cheese shop, flower shop, library and other shops to browse.  Some of the best restaurants in Boston, everything from Susi to Italian.
We are located minutes from Roslindale Village, Forest Hills area, and Centre Street Jamaica Plain, and a short ride into city center. Our community is diverse and is very safe.  Roslindale Square is a 10 min walk or 5 min by Bus #14. The best thing about our location is the easy access to public transportation to any part of the city. Everything is only minutes away via bus, train, bike, or sometimes by foot. Please note that we are located on a busy street. So, if you have any trouble with moderate street traffic noise, you may want to book somewhere else.
We have lived in Roslindale since 1985 and have watched it become an up-and-coming restaurant destination and magnet for young families and professionals. The neighborhood is quiet and residential, but closely linked to urban Downtown Boston by a 15-minute commuter rail ride. Roslindale Square is only a five minute walk and offers all the conveniences you could ask for.  We are located just a few doors down from the Arnold Arboretum, Boston's famous nature park which is operated by Harvard University. It features collections of trees from around the world and a variety of nature walks. The top of Peter's Hill is a great spot to watch the sun set over Boston's skyline. Stay with us in any season to get a taste of Boston and Roslindale.
We love our corner of Roslindale! For quiet walks, we're across the street from the amazing Arnold Arboretum. We're also just a 10-minute walk to Roslindale Square and restaurants such as Birch Street Bistro, Delfino's, Sophia's Grotto, and Village Sushi.
We're just a few blocks from the shops and restaurants of Roslindale Village & West Roxbury Center, in Boston.  There's a large park & playground at the end of our street.  The Arnold arboretum is about 6 blocks away, or a 1 minute drive to a lovely entrance.