"Restaurant row" on Tremont Street, 3 quick blocks from the apartment, is the commercial center of Boston's South End. During the warm months, outdoor dining is a must at one of many eateries on this stretch.
** South End has all the charm of brownstone lined historical Boston, with a hip and trendy air, as the best restaurants, bars, cafes and cutesy shops located within the neighborhood. **Checkout Banyan or Barcelona for small plates, live music at the Beehive, the best seafood at Barbara Lynch's B&G Oysters, or meat at her Butcher Shop. Both on the corner of our street! Other amazing neighborhood restaurants include Italian Coppa, pizza or ice cream at Picco, Tapas at Toro and many many more! **Get your coffee and pastry at The Buttery, The Wholly Grain, or the newer Cafe Nero. **The largest Wholefoods in MA opened 5 minutes walk away, at Ink Block. They have a great variety of healthy casual prepped food, if you want to grab something and go sit at Peter's Park to watch our neighborhood dogs playing.
*Boston Gardens and Charles River Esplanade   *Fenway Park a short cab/T ride - 25 Min walk *Duck Boat Tours *Restaurants: Mistral, Sorrelina, The Beehive, Coppa, Barcelona, Stephie's on Tremont, Stephanie's on Newbury, Abe and Louie's, Grill 23, Tico, Met Bar, Picco, The Salty Pig, Giacommo's, Douzo, Myer's and Chang, Zocalo *Bars: The Beehive, Cleary's Brownstone, Red Lantern, Deluxe
A renovated brownstone located at the intersection of Columbus Avenue and West Newton Street near Copley Place, and within a few blocks of the Hynes Convention Center and the Prudential Green Line "T".  An assortment of fine restaurants and boutiques may be found nestled between the historic Victorian residences throughout the neighborhood that is in close proximity to all the major attractions of downtown Boston.  Brick sidewalks and brownstones line the streets with fountain parks and ornate wrought iron fences.  The area is a hot spot for restaurants and shops.  This neighborhood is the hub for local culture, cuisine and architecture giving visitors a true Boston experience
Accessible to South End and Back Bay
Acclaimed restaurants, cafes and shops just steps away from our building, the south end is with out a doubt one of boston's most sought after and desirable neighborhoods to live in or visit. The South End is a national historic landmark district and know for its beautiful architecture and tree lined streets and squares.
Artist loft in Boston's hippest neighborhood filled with tons of local and international art! If you're looking for THE BEST location in all of the South End, you've found it here. We are 2 blocks from Myers and Chang and the biggest Whole Foods in New England,  and Gaslight. And we are a 5 minute walk to Metropolis, Aquitaine, B&G Oysters, The Butcher Shop, The Beehive, Hamersley's Bistro, Mela, and Stephi's on Tremont.
As mentioned in other listings, the neighborhood represents a high end lifestyle, home to many of Boston's celebrities and other professionals. The main attraction to this home is that it is less than 10 minutes walk from Copley Square, the center of Boston's tourist district.
Back Bay Amtrak and subway stations, as well as Copley Square and Tremont Street’s trendy restaurants and theaters, are quick walk from this lovely apartment.
Back Bay is one of the busiest Neighborhoods in Boston. Dartmouth Street is constantly busy for a scenic Boston Experience. Located in the heart of Downtown Boston, you will be walking distance to many popular Boston Tourist Attractions. Walking Distance to South End, Copley square mall, Newbury Street, Boston Public Library, Boston Common, Boston Public Gardens, Downtown Crossing, Quincy Market, Downtown Boston, Numerous Universities & Colleges. Many Excellent Restaurants in South End and Back Bay. Sushi, Burgers, Ethiopian etc.
Beautiful historic neighborhood in the South End of Boston, filled with brownstones, with a maintained square with a fountain in the middle of the street (right outside the apartment)
Beautiful tree-lined, quiet street in the South End, with lots of great restaurants in close proximity. We're also a quick Uber ride to all of downtown Boston, financial district, Seaport, North End and Cambridge, and walking distance to Newbury St and Copley.
Best neighborhood in Boston in my opinion! ;) Trendy area with great bars and restaurants all within walking distance. Also, 5 minutes to the subway and the Back Bay.  Central location in the heart of the city makes it easy to explore other neighborhoods, museums and POI.
Best of both worlds! This property is on the edge of both the heart of Boston, Back Bay and the trendy, down to earth South End. Walking distance to nearly everything you could need. Public transportation is only a couple blocks away! Train, the "T" and buses! Walking distance or short ride to Hynes Convention Center. Easy access to all of Boston!
Beyond being a stone's throw from the neighborhood movie theater, pharmacy, and grocery store, this prime location apartment is walking distance from all of South End's unique attractions. Look for events by the SoWa Artists' Guild or take in Boston's renowned South End Open Market (Sundays from May 1 to Oct 30)!  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
Bordering the neighborhoods of the South End and Back Bay – Literally steps to the financial district, The Copley Mall, and Newbury Street where you will find some of the world’s finest shopping.
Boston South End (URL HIDDEN)  Terrific restaurants!  3 min walk to Flour Bakery (URL HIDDEN)
Boston is an historic and dynamic city that is vibrant every season of the year. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the South End is North America’s largest surviving Victorian residential neighborhood with a romantic atmosphere of gas lamps and brick sidewalks. Sophisticated and trendy, the South End is renowned for its restaurants, quaint shops and beautiful public spaces.  
Boston is an historic and dynamic city that is vibrant every season of the year. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the South End is North America’s largest surviving Victorian residential neighborhood with a romantic atmosphere of gas lamps and brick sidewalks. Sophisticated and trendy, the South End is renowned for its restaurants, quaint shops and beautiful public spaces. Flour Bakery (one block away on Washington St.) is a famous, high quality cafe for coffee, tea, breakfast sandwiches, delicious pastries, and lunch sandwiches. It can't be beat. Tons of other fantastic restaurants are steps or blocks away, including: Toro, El Centro, Orinoco, Stella, The Gallows, Aquitaine, Metropolis, The Beehive, Stephi's on Tremont, and the list goes on!
Boston's South End boasts the largest concentration of original brownstones in the country!
Boston's South End has full of beautiful tree-lined streets and easy walk to Boston major attractions.
Boston's South End is one of the best dining neighborhoods in Boston. You will be able to walk to dozens of great restaurants and bars from the apartment.
Boston's South End is very popular and trendy, with many parks, shops, boutiques, art studios, cafes, bars and restaurants. It is characterized by the historic, charming homes within a quick walk to all that Boston has to offer.
Boston's South End neighborhood is one of the most coveted areas of the city. A friend of ours once referred to it as "the SoHo of Boston," and we couldn't agree more. Our street, like most in this area, has beautiful brick sidewalks and lush trees and flowers lining the curbs. The South End is known for its sophisticated yet down-to-earth eateries, charming boutiques, open farmer's markets, and a decidedly European feel.
Boston's most vibrant community. This tree-lined neighborhood is known for its fine dining, art galleries, the open market, and architecture. South End is the largest intact Victorian district in the country. Eleven residential parks are scattered around the South End. In 1973, the South End was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The construction of the South End began in 1849.
Boston's most vibrant community. This tree-lined neighborhood is known for its fine dining, art galleries, the open market, and smiling faces. If you don't know the South End, do some research to find out how amazing it is!  I live next to EVERYTHING and it's convenient to get everywhere around the city. I liked in the Back Bay for ten years before buying my condo in the South End and I have to say that the South End is where it's at!!!! Hands down the best part of Boston!
Brick sidewalks and brownstones line the streets with fountain parks and ornate wrought iron fences. The area is a hot spot for restaurants and shops. This neighborhood is the hub for local culture, cuisine and architecture giving visitors a true Boston experience   The area abounds with restaurants, markets, shopping, museums and art galleries.
Bring your walking shoes!!!  There is a convenient MBTA Silver Line bus stop right on front of the building.  The Silver Line bus is the only bus line that can take you to the airport.  The unit is also at walking distance (15 mins) from Massachussetts Avenue Orange Line and Back Bay Subway Station.  So, bring your walking shoes.  Boston has a great bicycle network.  It is the best way to move around.  Check out the The Hubway ((URL HIDDEN)  You can rent a bicycle to move around and to get to your destinations easily.  I totally recommend biking than walking. The City of Boston also has a great bicycle sharing program ((URL HIDDEN) where you can use a bicycle for a short period of time, a month or a year.  It is very convenient.  It is basically the version of a zipcar but with a bicycle.  There is a station with bicycles ready to be rented a block away from the building.
Centrally located within a few blocks of Copley Square, the Back Bay, the It the heart of tourist attractions  and fine restaurants. Walk to Copley Square, Newbury St and the Boston Public Gardens at the Freedom Trail. Walk to Hynes Convention Center, the Prudential Center, and the Back Bay subway and Amtrak stops and within a 12-minute walk to Washington Street’s silver line to the Boston Convention Center.
Check out amazing restaurants like the Beehive (live music most nights and a great bar), Aquataine, B&G, House of Siam, Mella, and Giacomo's. I recommend brunch at Tremont 647 or Metropolis. Coffee from Appleton Cafe or Buttery. Great bars at Deluxe, Clery's, Franklin St Cafe (off Shawmut), Beehive, or Anchovies. (URL HIDDEN)
Check out dinner at Deluxe or Picco if you're looking for a low key night and Barcelona, Toro, Myers & Chang for a more lively evening. We highly recommend walking along the Charles river during sunset and seeing music at Sinclair in Cambridge.
Close to Copley Square, Newbury Street, the Esplanade, Freedom Trail, Boston Public Gardens, Downtown Boston and much more. We are located in the heart of the Historic South End, Boston's trendiest neighborhood and home to many of Boston's favorite restaurants. On either side of the Guest House you can find Cafes, Bars, Restaurants, and Gourmet Groceries, Boutique Stores. Across the street from the Boston Ballet and Boston Center For Arts.
Convenient neighborhood to attractions, business, schools, restaurants, shops. Man within walking distance.
Conveniently bordering the neighborhoods of the South End, Back Bay and Copley Square –  Steps to public transportation, the financial district, The Copley Mall, and Newbury Street.
Cool vibe, lots of fantastic restaurants including a Turkish and Mexican next to the building, the best Sushi restaurant in Boston is a few blocks away, art galleries and the biggest whole foods in MA nearby.
Directly across the street from Wholy Grain bakery and peer from the front steps to see Formaggio Market, Franklin Cafe, Coppa, and South End Buttery.
Easy Access to transportation (Orange Line - Bus 1 to Harvard Square - Silver Line to South Station and Downtown).  Lots of cafes and Wholefood/Foodies a few blocks away.  10 minutes from Prudential Center.
Easy access to dozens of restaurants, shops, bars, etc. Short walk to Back Bay/Newbury St. and Prudential Center. Steps to orange line subway for quick access to Downtown Crossing, North End, waterfront, etc.
Fort Point is a small, trendy neighborhood with an industrial past located in Seaport area of Boston. Many of the best new bars and restaurants in the city are in Fort Point. You are walking distance from convention center, financial district, china town, and really anywhere if you have the time and weather is nice.
Great Neighborhood -- this is only a parking space.
Great downtown location near public transportation.
Great neighborhood, central location to many different areas of Boston. The actual street is very quiet. Fantastic shops, and restaurants in the area. Lots to do within a walking distance. The South End combines the picturesque beauty of sleepy little brownstone streets with the dynamic energy of young people, restaurants, arts and culture.
Great neighborhood, safe area, it is pleasure to work around, people walking dogs and greeting you.
Great spot with more food choices than you can count and nearby almost everything. You'll be able to get to the hospital in 1 minute, and you'll be minutes away from the public transportation. The area is a classier area with a safe, secure vibe.
Historic landmarks district of Boston's South End on the Back Bay line with beautiful brownstone architecture and vibrant nightlife.
I have seen the South End evolve and change.  Now we have a plethora of great restaurants, small boutiques, and yoga studios.  The folks in the building are mostly involved in academia and are always ready to answer any questions.  
I've lived all over Boston the last 6 years and this location is by far my favorite.  It's in the heart of the city with great access to pretty much everything yet still somehow manages to exist in a quiet neighborhood with a small town feel.  The trick is that it is buffered from the hustle and bustle of downtown by a garden walkway known as the southwest corridor (lots of trees, manicured gardens, dog park, tennis court, basketball court, playground).  You practically feel like your in a lazy country park until you walk a block toward Back bay towards the busy or look up high enough to see the Prudential building towering just behind the tree line (see pic).  You end up with this chill/relaxing vibe at home base but still have access to all the excitement of downtown right at your finger tips.  There's no other place like it in the city.
If you're looking for THE BEST location in all of the South End, you've found it here. Less than a block from Kitchen, Metropolis, Aquitaine, B&G Oysters, The Butcher Shop, The Beehive, Hamersley's Bistro, Mela, and Stephi's on Tremont and Chops . We are right in the middle of the most fabulous neighborhood in the city, and we love to give suggestions for places to visit.
In my opinion, the South End is the most beautiful  neighborhood in Boston, which is why it is the most desirable area in the real estate market. It really does have a neighborhood feel with the best restaurants, parks/playgrounds (including a dog park), boutiques, coffee shops, theaters, grocery store, wine and cheese shop, and art galleries, all within a stone's throw away!  The South End is centrally located, making it easy access to all of Boston, which really is a walkable city.
It's quiet and beautiful. There are two great restaurants within 100 feet of our front door and many more right around the corner. There's a grocery store a few blocks away as well. Boston is a very walkable city and our home is a great place to come back to after a long day of sightseeing!
Known for its vibrant restaurant and cafe scene, the South End is a historic district, full of 19th century brownstones, parks, fountains, and a cultural center with the Boston Center for the Arts and Boston Ballet in residence.  The South End is next to Back Bay and easy walking distance to Downtown Crossing, Copley  Square, Government Center, Chinatown...etc. 
Located in Boston's beautiful South End, the oldest and largest Victorian neighborhood in the United States, the apartment is within walking distance of Copley Plaza, the Boston Public Library, the Prudential Center, and Newbury/Boylston Streets.
Located in the Worcester Square area of the South End, the unit is a 25 minute walk to the Boston Common, Fenway Park, and the shopping district on Newbury Street; the unit is also less than a 5 minute walk from Boston University Medical Center, and just a few steps from great food including highly regarded tapas restaurant Toro (URL HIDDEN)
Located in the heart of the historic South End district.  This neighborhood is home to world class restaurants, shops, and beautiful architecture.  We are just a 10 minute walk to Newbury St. shopping, Copley Square, Back Bay, and only a few minutes to a major train station. Beacon Hill and the beautiful public garden are only 15 minutes by foot.  Gourmet coffee shops are less than a minute away for breakfast!
Located just minutes from downtown and the Back Bay, in recent years the South End has become one of Boston's most popular neighborhoods. It has attracted a diverse blend of young professionals, families and a vibrant gay and lesbian population to this Boston Landmark District. You will be sure to notice the South End's renowned Victorian brownstone buildings and homes as you walk along Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue. Small businesses thrive in this walkable neighborhood. Some of Boston’s finest restaurants, a thriving arts community and nearly 30 parks also call the South End home.
Lots of things to do.  Restaurants, shops, entertainment. Walk to many attractions. Walk to public transportation to other attractions, schools, bushiness.
Many fabulous restaurants within walking distance.   Breakfast options:  French Patisserie across the street and Dunkin 2 blocks away.
My apartment is in a very nice location. Boston's most trendy restaurants/bars/cafes/boutiques nearby. There are many galleries/art studios in the neighborhood. SoWa Sundays is a must from May through October.  Walkable distance to many areas around Boston.
My apartment is in the South End/Back Bay area and only minutes away to some of my favorite restaurants in the area.  You will feel the local neighborhood vibe/privacy on my street and be amazed by how quickly you will find yourself in the hustle and bustle of this amazing city. :)
My apartment is located in one of the best parts of town - there is a reason I live here. A vibrant and diverse restaurant scene, lots of boutique shopping, and art, music & theatre all around. It's slightly off the beaten track, so there aren't many tourists around, which can make it feel like you're really experiencing Boston.  Would be great if you're visiting a local college student, working downtown, or attending at conference at the Hynes convention center.
My apartment is perfectly located on Columbus avenue in the heart of the South End/Back Bay district. Trendy and yet quiet.  Only 2 min walk to the Prudential and Copley malls, hundreds of shops around (dry-cleaner, deli, bank and restaurants, only a few seconds away from the apartment!).  All Boston attractions (Newbury street, the Commons, the Historical district, Quincy Market, the Harbor, etc.) at a walking distance. Ideal for a business trip, academic exchange, or vacation. 
Nearby breakfast places: "Jaho Coffee & Tea" and "Flour Bakery" both on Washington Street. Nearby restaurants: "El Centro Mexican" and "Orinoco: A Latin Kitchen" both on Shawmut Avenue. There are many restaurants and bars on Tremont street walking toward Downtown Boston. Fancy shops are at the Prudential Center.
Nice & Peaceful
Nice Boston location.
Only one block from Parish Cafe which has the largest beer selection in Boston and amazing food (we even got engaged there!). Also only one block from Mike's City Diner, the best diner in the city. There's too many great restaurants to name within a short walk but we will provide a list upon arrival of a few of our favorites. Fenway Park and the Boston Common are only a 20 minute walk, or a 5 minute walk to the Orange Line provides a quick ride to The North End, Downtown or Back Bay.
Our apartment backs on the lovely peters park, which is perfect for picnic! The room faces East Berkeley St.
Our favorite spots within a few minutes walk are Cafe Madeleine for delicious croissants and french pastries, The Render Cafe for delicious and meticulously made coffee. The house of Siam for exquisite thai gastronomy. The Parish Cafe for the most original and tasty sandwiches designed by Boston chefs. The Wally's Bar for live jazz music open every day.  Whole Food and CVS within 5min walk. 
Our neighborhood is quintessential South End... we live on a quiet tree lined street with a fountain in the middle, many of the best restaurants in Boston are in the South End and walking distance from our home, there are coffee shops, parks, retail shops, colleges, everything else for a complete Boston experience.
Phenomenal location and comfortable space. Plenty of room to sleep 4 and host many more. Air mattresses available if requested.
Popular South End, near attractions in Copley Square and Newbury Street. South End has the highest concentration of the best restaurants in Boston. Lovely boutique shops. Very friendly neighborhood. Gives you an authentic Boston flavor.
Probably the most picturesque part of the city of Boston. The apartment is situated right on the border of South End and Back Bay within walking distance from one of the best restaurants and bars Boston can offer.
Quiet residential area in the heart of the city. Many gardens, shops, awesome restaurants and cafes, walking distance to everything, entertainment,  shopping, and more just minutes away. Close to the beach, golf, mountains etc.
Quite clean, upper class neighborhood. So much for food nearby you'll need a year just to get to them all.
Restaurants: Within a 10 minute walk of the apartment there are many fine cafes and restaurants. Some of our favorites are Jaho and Flour for coffee/pastries and lunch, Toro, Stella, Union and Estragon for (mid range) dinner, Hamersleys (high end). Plenty of ethnic restaurants in the South End as well - House of Siam for Thai, Seiyo for sushi, Mela for Indian.
Right in the heart of the South End!  Known to locals as one of the best neighborhoods in Boston, the South End is still a bit of a secret to tourists.  Don't get confused and think this is Southie (South Boston) - that's a completely different area.  The South End is a relatively quiet and calm area, with the larger streets boasting some of the best restaurants, bars, and shopping in town.  You'll find parks, walkways, and late 18th to early 19th century brick architecture throughout.
Settling in at Aisling B&B in Boston’s South End, you’ll find yourself surrounded by Boston’s most diverse and exciting restaurant choices. Boston’s South End is called “Restaurant Row” – there are dozens of restaurants right in the area. Boston is both a destination and a gateway for trips throughout New England. The city is filled with history and with distinctive neighborhoods, great restaurants and colleges, museums, live music and culture. Visitors shouldn’t miss places like Beacon Hill, Newbury Street, the Museum of Fine Art (MFA), the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, the Esplanade, or Fenway Park, home of the Boston Red Sox, all within walking distance.
Since location is everything, the Clarendon Square, stands right in the pulse of the city. It is in the most sophisticated, charming, and luxurious location, the South End —an advantageous crisscross of dining, shopping, culture, and historic sights. Bordered by Copley Square & Newbury Street, the Public Garden & Boston Common, and the SoWa Arts District, the South End is synonymous with Boston’s high style and historic & trendy ambiance. From here you will explore all the tourist sights, but at the end of the day, you will not have to travel far for dinner. Dine just down the street on Boston’s restaurant row where you will find 40 of Boston’s hottest restaurants. The Clarendon Square Inn is conveniently located near all the major tourist attractions of Boston, and it is the perfect base to explore. At our B&B, you will be minutes from Copley Square, the Boston Public Garden & Common, Freedom Trail, Duck Tours, Restaurant Row, the Red Sox & Fenway Park, Museum of Fine Arts & the Isabe
Situated in the South End and bordering Boston famed Back Bay you have the best of the best of the best just steps from our door.  Boston Best shopping, restaurants and culture are all with in one square mile of our front door.
South End Located just minutes from downtown and the Back Bay, in recent years the South End has become one of Boston's most popular neighborhoods. It has attracted a diverse blend of young professionals, families and a vibrant gay and lesbian population to this Boston Landmark District. You will be sure to notice the South End's renowned Victorian brownstone buildings and homes as you walk along Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue. Small business owners also enjoy the amenities of the South End and are supported by the national award winning Washington Gateway Main Streets Program. Some of Boston’s finest restaurants, a thriving arts community and nearly 30 parks also call the South End home. Back Bay It's easy to understand why the Back Bay is one of America's most desirable neighborhoods. Newbury Street, Boylston Street and Commonwealth Avenue are lined with unique shops, trendy restaurants and vintage homes, making the Back Bay an extremely fashionable destinat
South End is a popular tourist area near restaurants, shops, attractions and subway. Walk to many of them. Famous for beautiful bow front brownstones on charming streets.
South End is a very unique neighborhood, walking distance to many new and old restaurants and cafes. Walking distance to Copley square which can be considered the center of the city, this is where Prudential center, and the Boston Public Library are located.
South End is known for its fine dining, art galleries, the open market, and smiling faces. The apartment itself is located next to Boston Medical Center.
South End is the Best neighborhood to discover and enjoy Boston, and also very convenient for business. Our favorite spots within a few minutes walk are Cafe Madeleine for delicious croissants and french pastries, The Render Cafe for delicious and meticulously made coffee. The house of Siam for exquisite thai gastronomy. The Parish Cafe for the most original and tasty sandwiches designed by Boston chefs. The Wally's Bar for live jazz music open every day of the year. Whole Food and CVS within 5min walk.
South End.  Historic buildings in working neighborhoods with great shops and restaurants.
Surrounded by historic brownstones, tree-lined, brick streets, the South End offers charm and convenience! Just a few blocks from Tremont Street's restaurant row, fashionable Newbury Street and Copley Square this charming Studio apartment is in one of Boston's most sought after addresses.
T
The South End has become one of the most popular neighborhoods among Bostonians, although it is often forgotten by tourists. Its brick and brownstone townhouses and tree-lined streets make it the most charming area for a walk or an outdoor brunch. It is close to the center and all the tourist attractions, but with an authentic Bostonian vibe. The area features some of the best restaurants in the city, as well as many cute coffee shops and bars. We really recommend Wally's and Bee Hive for live jazz music. Here you will also find trendy boutiques and the famous outdoor market (SOWA). The area is very green, clean and never too crowded.
The South End has some of the best restaurants in Boston (check out our picks in the Guidebook), as well as bars, cafes, and boutiques aplenty.  It has a neighborhood feel but is also in very close proximity to Back Bay and all the shopping and history it has to offer.
The South End has tons of great restaurants and bars. We are very close to the Boston Symphony, Northeastern, Fenway and Back Bay.
The South End is a beautiful neighborhood and residents take pride in living here.  There are street after street of restored town homes with gardens and specials features.  All of the local business are owner operated, and creative offerings.  Tons of great food, and artistry.
The South End is a beautiful neighborhood with great restaurants, gardens, and architecture.  Spend some time walking down Tremont St to see the sites.  The Sam Adams brewery is a few stops away on the Orange Line or hop a bus over to Harvard Sq.
The South End is a historical neighborhood with excellent restaurants.  The Spanish Tapas Toro is right on our block (great tapas).  We also have Mike's in our block which is an excellent breakfast dinner (recommended).  Across the street there is Equator (really good Thai Food) and Seyo (Sushi).   In the next block there is a Seven Eleven, a convenience store, a Walgreens Pharmacy, Flour Bakery & Cafe (recommended) and many other wonderful restaurants at a walking distance.
The South End is a unique neighborhood, filled with charming Victorian Bow front brick town houses and has a plethora of restaurants and shops. It is a popular tourist area.
The South End is a very urban, walk-able neighborhood in Boston. Known for its many parks, restaurants and artistic culture, this neighborhood has been the "hottest" in Boston's real estate market. Young families, professionals, doctors/nurses and empty nesters will enjoy this location.
The South End is a very urban, walk-able neighborhood in Boston. Known for its many parks, restaurants and artistic culture, this neighborhood has been the "hottest" in Boston's real estate market. Young families, professionals, doctors/nurses and empty nesters will enjoy this location. Here is a list of some of the great restaurants: WINK & NOD Evocative lounge featuring handcrafted drinks & creative global fare in clubby surroundings. TORO RESTAURANT Small, stylish spot from Chef Ken Oringer serves up celebrated tapas, cocktails & Spanish wines. STELLA RESTAURANT  Creative, seasonal Italian dishes in a hip, vibrant atmosphere with a spacious patio. ADDIS RED SEA RESTAURANT Friendly, cozy spot for utensil-free Ethiopian dining at traditional wicker tables THE BEEHIVE Hip spot for creative New American fare, cocktails, daily live music, jazz brunch & patio dining. DARRYL'S CORNER BAR & KITCHEN Laid-back spot for old-fashioned Southern eats & live jazz, plus popular Sunday brunch.
The South End is a vibrant and historic neighborhood, convenient to all the city's attractions by foot or by public transport.  The neighborhood has some of the city’s best shops and restaurants.   The home is on a quiet block right off of Tremont Street, the main thoroughfare of the South End, and is steps to many popular locations such as The Beehive for Sunday jazz brunch, B&G Oyster for outstanding seafood, Picco for pizza and beer and the South End Buttery for coffee.  It is also a quick walk to the Back Bay including many office buildings, high end shopping on Newbury Street and in the Copley and Prudential malls, and attractions such as The Boston Public Library and Copley Square. We will provide you with a guide of our favorite spots in the neighborhood and the broader city.
The South End is all about neighborhood, comfort and convienance. The neighborhood is friendly, for New England, and I also enjoy the diverse array of restaurants, fitness, entertainment, running, gyms and events. Comfort - the condo is comfortable, but it is nice to open the door and have Boston at your feet.   Entertainment, Sports, Concerts, fun things to do.  FOOD - Thai, Sushi, Chinese, Tapas, Southern Mexican, Venezuelan, Italian, French, American Diner Food, "Local Joints", Southern Food, Pubs, Gourmet Donuts, Local Bakeries, Coffee Shops...and your favorite chains.  Boston's dining scene is eclectic and diverse...have you tried a food truck lately? Convienance - Dry Cleaner next door, Pharmacy, BSO, BHC, NEU, Berklee, restaurants of every type, gyms, nice running areas, Boston Ballet/Playhouse, SOWA Sunday Market, Catholic Cathedral and sights, museums are very close.  Grocery stores are four & five blocks away, Hynes Convention Center, Prudetential Mall, the Back Bay and Newbu
The South End is home to some of the best restaurants in Boston if not Massachusetts.
The South End is in the center of Boston and this house is in the center of the South End.   
The South End is known for its restaurants and beautiful architecture.
The South End is my favorite neighborhood in Boston. It has classic brownstones, tree lined streets, and beautiful boutiques. You will be able to walk to award winning restaurants, as well as great bars, live jazz, casual dining and cozy coffee shops. There are many options for dining al fresco just within a block or two. Bordering Boston's Back Bay, you truly have all of Boston outside your doorstep!
The South End is one of Boston's hottest neighborhoods, known for its award winning restaurants, trendy shops, and local art galleries.  It's quintessential Boston with its charming tree lined streets, brownstones, brick sidewalks and gardens.  Centrally located just minutes to the Back Bay, Downtown, Beacon Hill, North End, Seaport, Cambridge and only a short 15 mins cab/uber ride from the airport.
The South End is one of Boston's main restaurant districts offering a diverse mix of cuisines, many at a relatively high price point. Tremont Street is often called "Restaurant Row." The South End's range of restaurants include American southern "Low Country", French, Ethiopian, Brazilian, Indian, Italian, Venezuelan, African, Peruvian, Latin American, Thai, and Japanese among others. The South End has a growing retail presence, much of it aimed primarily at upper-middle class shoppers. New retail shops offer a range of handmade gifts by local artists, home furnishings, men's and women's clothing, stationery, specialty foods, spa services, and a rapidly growing number of manicure and pedicure shops. Several new stores cater to wealthy dog owners. Northeastern University, Emerson College, Boston University Medical Center, and many other colleges located within walking distance or a short subway right away.
The South End is one of Boston's most popular neighborhoods for young families, empty-nesters and artists.  It is tolerant, diverse and welcoming with a vibrant culture including some of the best restaurants in town (Toro is right around the corner!), galleries and SOWA Open Market.  Symphony Hall, The Huntington Theater, The Calderwood Pavilion and Berklee are all easy walks and Fenway is a five minute cab/Uber  ride away.  If it is work that brings you to town, the Back Bay, Financial and Innovation Districts are within a 10 minute Uber ride.  Several yoga studios are nearby.
The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
The South End is one of Boston’s trendiest neighborhoods boasting some of Boston’s best restaurants and night life, great access to public transit, and is conveniently located within a 20 minute walk to most of Boston’s best tourist locations including Fenway Park, the Charles River, the Freedom Trail and the Boston Common. 
The South End is one of the best neighborhoods in Boston. Known for its beautiful brownstones, fantastic restaurants, artist population, fashion, design, and the Sowa market (every Sunday). See my guidebook to see some of the best local spots.
The South End is one of the most historic and trendiest areas in the entire country.    The largest Victorian historic area in the country.   Many of the top restaurants in New England are located here, from Toro and Flour just steps away, to the offerings on "restaurant row" on Tremont Street.  There are large parks and playgrounds, hospital,  and shops and galleries and theater all within an easy walk. 
The South End is the Best neighborhood to discover and enjoy Boston! Our favorite spots within a few minutes walk are Cafe Madeleine for delicious croissants and french pastries, The Render Cafe for delicious and meticulously made coffee. The house of Siam for exquisite thai gastronomy. The Parish Cafe for the most original and tasty sandwiches designed by Boston chefs. The Wally's Bar for live jazz music open every day of the year. Whole Foods and CVS within 5min walk. Daily open 24/7 is one minute away. Walking distance to many Boston's top restaurants: B&G Oysters, Toro, Barcelona, Coppa, SRV, etc.
The South End is the best neighborhood in the city - and arguably the best place to eat! Full of quaint parks and tree lined streets, you do not have to walk far for critically acclaimed eateries or the best sticky bun in town.
The South End is the destination for art-buffs, fashionistas and foodies! The South End is packed with great cafes and restaurants, shops and boutiques, art galleries and studios. Like Greewich Village in New York City, it boasts gaslit streets and beautiful Victorian brick-row-houses which make the National Register of Historic Places and has been featured in the New York Times
The South End is the largest Victorian Neighborhood in the World.   The Inn was built in 1866 and fits with the other brownstones and town houses you'll find all over Boston.    Restaurant Row, steps from the front door, has many well reviewed (i.e. Phantom Gourmet, Zagatt) moderately priced restaurants in town!   Foodies is a 10 minute walk and has excellent produce, fish, meat, beer, wine and specialty items, a super salad bar and soup, deli selections, and hot entrees -- at at their sidewalk cafe or bring it back here.   
The South End is the largest collection of Victorian townhomes in the US.  It's a beautiful, leafy, urban oasis within walking distance from The Prudential, Copley Square, Back Bay, The Public Garden, Boston Common, etc.  There are numerous parks & gardens in the South End, beautifully renovated homes, great shops and restaurants.  One Starbuck's and one Dunkin Donuts are the only chains you'll find in our neighborhood.
The South End is the largest intact Victorian district int the US and this apartment is right in the middle of the best area.  You will be steps away from some of the best restaurants in the country with easy access to all the arts, cultural, and historical offerings Boston has to offer.
The South End is the largest neighborhood of Victorian buildings in the US.   It is home to many of the best restaurants in New England, many right on Tremont street around the corner from the building.     The neighborhood has great parks, plays, jazz bar (The Beehive) and is full of fun cultural activities all year around.
The South End is the perfect location with the best of both worlds. Central to the hustle and bustle of downtown, but with a neighborhood feel. This mostly residential area is full of restaurants and places to go out to eat. SOWA Open air market runs on Sundays and is right down the block. The Prudential Center is 1 mile from my doorstep and a beautiful walk through the South End. The Seaport Trade and Convention Center is about 2 miles away and a short cab ride. You couldn't be more perfectly located!
The South End is the trendiest part of Boston with great restaurants, bars, small shops and is well connected to the rest of the city.
The South End is, hands down, the best neighborhood in Boston. But we're biased - we've lived here for 7+ years. There are so many incredible restaurants and bars, the streets are beautiful with their Victorian row houses, parks, and trees, and the community is made up of young professionals and families. The Back Bay, Kenmore Square, Fenway, Chinatown, Theater District, South Boston, and North End are just a short walk, cab, bus, or bike ride away.
The South End of Boston is the premiere location to stay in the city.  While boasting the most beautiful homes, restaurants, shopping it is also  conveniently located just minutes from EVERY destination  in the city. I am not exaggerating at all when I say this unit is is the best location possible.
The South End! Long been my favorite hood in Boston. I moved off Downtown Boylston St. to live here. Steps away from the city center yet much more lovely. The South End is proudly listed in the National Register of Historic Places and has many parks as well as the most intact Victorian row houses in the country! Food is BIG over here. It is never such a bad idea to sit down at one of our neighborhood cafes for some delicious food after a walk around town!
The South End, North America's largest surviving Victorian residential district, is known for its historic architecture, restaurant and art scenes, dog-friendliness, and GLBT community. Personally, I also love the neighborhood's diversity and history. People from all walks of life—old, young, gay, straight, natives, transplants, different ethnicities—live and work here, which makes this a community rich with culture. I grew up in the South End and Chinatown so you'll get plenty of inside info on my stomping grounds. :)
The South End, one of Boston’s most vibrant communities, is known for its tree-lined neighborhoods, restaurants, theater and galleries, and diversity. In 1973, the South End was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as “the largest urban Victorian neighborhood in the country” and named a Boston Landmark District in 1983. Tremont Street in the South End was nicknamed “restaurant row”—and with good reason. Not only are there hundreds of restaurants, bars, and cafes within walking distance, the area offers a unique and diverse range of cuisines. The South End is home to a booming art and theater scene with over 21 galleries and numerous theaters in the neighborhood.
The apartment is convenience at its best: only a 7-minute walk from Back Bay train station, or a 15-minute drive from Logan airport.  Located on what is considered one of the nicest streets in Boston's very happening South End neighborhood-- there are parks, cafes, restaurants, bars, theaters, shopping, art galleries, farm stands, yoga studios, and historic landmarks all within a minute's walk. And using public transportation or taxi-- it's easy to get a bit further afield to explore Cambridge, the Charles River, the MFA, Providence, and more.  It would be hard to find a better location in metropolitan Boston.
The apartment is located in Boston's best neighborhood, The South End. Its family, GLBT, and especially dog friendly. The South End has the best restaurants in the city. During warmer months there's plenty of beautiful community garden spaces and is home to SOWA Sundays (a collection of food trucks, vintage store and farmers market.) Our apartment is also a short walk to Boston Medical Center and a short bus ride to Tufts Medical Center.
The apartment is located in one of Boston's premiere neighborhoods, the South End. It's centrally located in the city, so you are in short walking distance to the shops at the Prudential and Copley, Fenway Park, a lot of great restaurants and public transportation.
The apartment is located in the South End of Boston just by Copley Square. The South End is known as the area of Boston with the best restaurants,  galleries and cafes.
The apartment is located in the South End of Boston just by Copley Square. The South End is known as the area of Boston with the best restaurants,  galleries and cafes. The apartment is about a 10-15 minute walk to Copley Square (Center of Boston). The nearest T or subway station (Prudential on the green line) is a 10 minute walk. The nearest garage is at 131 Dartmouth Street which is just by the intersection of Dartmouth Street and Columbus Avenue and the present rate is $32.00 per day.
The apartment is located in the South End of Boston just by Copley Square. The South End is known as the area of Boston with the best restaurants,  galleries and cafes. The apartments are about a 10-15 minute walk to Copley Square (Center of Boston). The nearest T or subway station (Prudential on the green line) is a 10 minute walk. The nearest garage is at 131 Dartmouth Street which is just by the intersection of Dartmouth Street and Columbus Avenue and the present rate is $32.00 per day. The garage is about a 12 minute walk away.
The apartment is located in the South End of Boston just by Copley Square. The South End is known as the area of Boston with the best restaurants,  galleries and cafes. The apartments are about a 10-15 minute walk to Copley Square (Center of Boston). The nearest T or subway station (Prudential on the green line) is a 10 minute walk. The nearest garage is at 131 Dartmouth Street which is just by the intersection of Dartmouth Street and Columbus Avenue and the present rate is $32.00 per day. The garage is about a 12 minute walk away. 
The apartment is steps away from 'Restaurant Row' in the South End with many of the best restaurants in New England, the acclaimed Beehive jazz club, as well as many other bars, bakeries, restaurants, parks, etc.
The apartment overlooks Blackstone Square in the heart of the South End. There are lovely views of downtown Boston from the kitchen and bathroom windows. There are several restaurants in the area, as well as some cool local shops on Tremont St.
The benefit of being in this location is that you have the best of two of the most sought after neighborhoods in Boston.  The South End is known for its amazing trendy restaurants and shopping boutiques while you have the Back Bay also at your feet with shopping on Newbury Street, Fenway Park, Prudential Center, Copley Square, The Boston Symphony, and Museum of Fine Arts all within walking distance as well.
The best feature of the apartment is its location. Blocks from transit, groceries (Whole Foods) and nightlife, yet still peaceful and charming, the South End has it all.
The draw of the South End is two fold--in lifestyle and homestyle.  The living spaces are nice, and the food is great.  Restaurants include Toro (tapas), Stephanie's (American), The Gallows (American), Meyers + Chang (Asian fusion).  You are close to the Prudential Center which has food places like the Cheesecake factory and Revolution Juice.  Symphony Hall is down the street, as is Whole Foods.  Wally's is a jazz place where a lot of Berklee music students play.  Pizza joints and coffee shops also in the area.
The loft is located in the South End, which is rapidly growing in popularity. The South End is Boston's most vibrant, diverse community attracting many young professionals and artists. The neighborhood is known for its fine dining, small boutiques, art galleries, open markets, and great location (about a 15 minute walk from downtown).  Within a 5 minute walk from our apartment: -Whole Foods Market (organic market) -Ming's market (cheaper market) -Small corner store (open until 10PM everyday) -Train and bus stops (MBTA) -Mobil Gas station -Neighborhood park (tennis & basketball court, baseball field) -Gas Light Bar -J.J. Folly's Bar (and brunch place) -Peet's Coffee Cafe -Dunkin' Donuts -Myers & Chang Restaurant (Chinese, Taiwanese, Thai, and Vietnamese) -Oishii (sushi bar) -Sid's smoke shop -Nail Salons & Spas -Various Art Galleries To know more about the South End, visit: (URL HIDDEN)
The neighborhood has many coffee shops, restaurants, bars and things to do. There are three parks within a five minute walking distance and a 15 minute walk to the Boston Common. The south and central to all things that go on in Boston. Several theaters that are very close.
The neighborhood is a diverse community. The South End has many great restaurants, coffee shops,  boutique stores and theaters. Close to Boston Medical Center, Hynes Auditorium, Prudential Center,  Copley Square, Back Bay, Beacon Hill and Downtown.
The neighborhood is full of great eateries, excellent architecture, small theater. Close walk to Freedom Trail
The neighborhood was built in the 1860's and is America's first planned urban neighborhood.  You will be located on a quiet, tree lined street in the heart of Boston's historic South End.  Daily farmer's markets,  galleries, free concerts in the local parks are all around you.
The restaurants and accessibility to all of Boston make the South End one of the most story book neighborhoods in the city.
The south end is a beautiful Boston neighborhood home to some of the city's best restaurants and shops.
The south end is a great neighborhood. Trendy restaurants, cozy coffee shops and local boutiques are all nearby. It's also very centrally located so you can get to Boston's other great areas very easily.
The south end is a super desirable section of Boston close to downtown.  Filled with restaurants, quirky shops, Victorian row houses and a great vibe it's the ideal base for vacationers or business professionals.
The south end is an historic landmarked neighborhood of mostly 19th century row houses and parks.  It's beautiful to walk around and close to dozens of great restaurants, the new Huntington theaters, and all the great culture and entertainment that Boston has to offer.  Near T and buses.
There are at least 5 to 10 VERY good restaurants within a 5-6 minute walk from our place. You also have a Walgreens, 7/11, liquor store and a hospital in that same walking area. We're exactly one mile from the finish line of the Boston Marathon and therefore an easy, 15-20 minute walk to the more touristy areas of the Back Bay.
There's so much Boston and The South End neighborhood have to offer. In this neighborhood you'll notice people walking their dogs, many parks, and the best restaurants in the city. If you're looking for specific recommendations please reach out to Ross and he'll gladly provide recommendations for your your stay and dining enjoyment.
This Historic South End is a vibrant neighborhood, well served by grocery stores, art galleries, boutiques, coffee shops and some of Boston's very best restaurants. With a "97 Walk Score", Downtown is a 6 minute drive or cab ride, 16 minute average on public transportation, 10 minutes by bike, or 35 minutes on foot. 
This apartment is right in the South End. You're not far away from many of Boston's attractions including Boston Common and the Opera House, as well as shopping at department stores like Macy's and Primark. This apartment is also right nearby to Boston's historic Chinatown neighborhood and a few blocks away from the distinctive Paifang Gate. Try some of the local grub like Gourmet Dumpling House (10 minutes by foot) or French-style cuisine at Troquet (15 minutes by foot). Then check out Sip Wine Bar (12 minutes by foot) for a cocktail or a glass of wine.  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
This is a great neighborhood.  Within a 10/15 minute walk you will pass many  of Boston's best restaurants and bars.  This is the place to stay to be near it all.
This is one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in the city for amazing restaurants and great local shops!  Less touristy than other spots, the South end is very walkable, charming and accessible to other areas of town.
This is the oldest and largest Victorian neighborhood in Boston. Tree lined streets, beautiful parks and lots of Boston's finest restaurants and bistros. Ten minutes walk to the center of Boston Common Park, and easy access to public transportation, buses, trains and airport. Twenty minute walk to Charles river through Copley Plaza. Lively neighborhood with Theater, Art studios and gallerys and music clubs. My favorite neighborhood in Boston. 
This neighborhood is the largest historical district for residences in the US.  Several square miles of 19th century townhouses registered as documented historical sites.  Mine is an original Victorian, restored and retaining its 19th century characteristics. Most other houses have been modernized into expensive condominiums.  The neighborhood caters to young people, with high income, and is now considered "trendy" and "chic"....   Conveniently located to all of Boston's tourist attractions.
This part of the South End is much quieter than and apartment in the heart of downtown Boston. There are great restaurants everywhere in this extremely hip area.
This studio apartment is located at the heart of South End, one of the chicest neighborhoods in Boston. The red brick buildings and sidewalks will make you give you a real appreciation for Boston's rich history.
Tons to see - best part of town for parks and restaurants/bars. 5 minutes to Stella, Toro, Tremont 647, Sister Sorel, Gaslight, Cinquecento, The Gallows, La Motta's, Elephant Walk, & more.  Walk anywhere in town.
Very close to bus/t-lines. Minutes walk to downtown and Boston Commons. South end is known for great restaurants and has a very warm/welcoming vibe. There's plenty of shopping with Newbury street also being less than a 10 minute walk. In addition to outside food trucks and food/craft markets popping up all over the South End in the Spring through the fall seasons.
Very popular and trendy, with many parks, shops, boutiques, art studios, cafes, bars and restaurants. 
Vibrant art community
Walking distance to Boston Common, Chinatown, Tufts Medical Center, South Station and more.  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
Walking distance to Boston Common, Chinatown, Tufts Medical Center, South Station, and more! Look for events by the SoWa Artists' Guild or take in Boston's renowned South End Open Market (Sundays from May 1 to Oct 30)!  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
Walking distance to Boston Common, Chinatown, Tufts, South Station and more.  The South End is one of Boston’s most beautiful neighborhoods – brick townhouses, tree-lined streets, shady pocket parks – and also one of the most culturally diverse. The main commercial streets are Tremont Street, Columbus Avenue, and Harrison Avenue, but you’ll find delicious restaurants for every taste scattered throughout the neighborhood.
We are located right in the middle of a historic neighborhood known as The South End. We are surrounded by some of the best restaurants in Boston. We are seconds form the Boston Center for the Arts with their 4 theater spaces. A 15 minute walk will get you to Boston Common and Public Gardens and the Downtown/Financial areas.
We live in Boston’s South End historical  neighborhood , which is also extremely dog friendly. The neighborhood is very clean, quiet And safe. We are in the perfect location. walking distance to lots of great restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and boutiques in the neighborhood. It’s only a 10 minute walk to Back Bay train station and Downtown. For all the medical types and grad students, we’re only a block from the Boston Medical Center and 15 minutes by bus from Longwood Medical Area.
We living in one of Boston's most beloved neighborhoods that is all at once classic and trendsetting.  We are just a block away from renowned eateries Flour Bakery + Cafe, Toro and Blunch, and just a few blocks further from SoWa Open Markets, art galleries, countless independent stores, yoga and fitness studios, cafes, bakeries and parks. The South End is a destination in and of itself and offers endless ways to spend an afternoon, evening or weekend.
We think it's the best neighborhood in the city! Centrally located to all the fun attractions around the city.  Plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants, shopping, etc.  The best part about our location is that you can walk everywhere! Boston is a walking city and you can walk from the South End to the North End in 25 minutes! 
We're the center of everything good about Boston -- Roll out of bed in the am and your a two minute walk for coffee, 5 to 10 minutes to Mike's Diner, Flour, Starbucks, or some of the best moderately priced restaurants in Boston on (Restaurant Row) -- check the guidebook for nearby everything!   
You are right in the heart of the Food and Arts District, with amazing restaurants, galleries and shops at your fingertips!  Great local grocery called Foodies is right down the street making cooking in our stocked kitchen a joy.
You can stroll 3 blocks to the "Pru" to buy a Tesla :) or just one block to Cafe Madeline, an insanely good French-style bakery.  And the restaurants? The South End is widely viewed as the best neighborhood for dining with great finds: The Butcher Shop and B&G Oysters are Barbara Lynch offerings, El Centro (Mexican), Orinoco (Venezuelan), Vejigantes (Puerto Rican), Duozo (Japanese), Picco (for amazing pizzas and homemade ice creams). You can walk to the Boston Public Library, Copley Square, and the Boston Public Garden. It's a 10 minute ride by T or cab to the Museum of fine arts.  If you are fond of symphony or theater, walk 5 minutes to Boston Symphony Orchestra (BSO) and Huntington Theater, or 10 minutes by cab or T to the Theater District.
非常适合拍照和闲逛､打望､发呆､养眼､喝咖啡､骑自行车,因为这里有许多异彩纷呈的艺术工作室､实验剧院､独立展馆､画廊等相继浮现｡而我们这边也因此崭露头角,成为时尚而有活力的城市中心｡这里的大多数红砖房建于19世纪中期,并且带有隐藏的秘密花园｡在这里步行,探索优雅的花园,精致的阳台和城市最好的餐馆,也不失为一种浪漫的异乡体验｡