* South Boston has become one of the fastest-growing and most desirable neighborhoods among young professionals and families * "Southie" serves as the backdrop for movies including Good Will Hunting, The Departed, Black Mass and The Town  * Quick access to downtown and public transportation * Many of the leading restaurants in the city are located in the South Boston Seaport and on Broadway * Trillium Brewing, one of the leading microbreweries in the country, is one mile from our home as well as Harpoon Brewery * Locals and visitors alike flock to Castle Island, a Revolutionary War-era fort and 22-acre park that is connected to the mainland.  Enjoy a run around the island or go for a bike ride.  * The breathtaking South Boston Waterfront is emerging as Boston's newest neighborhood * Once a predominantly Irish Catholic community, "Southie Pride" is on full display in March when city residents flock to the neighborhood to enjoy the annual South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade
- Our brownstone is located right at the intersection of East and West Broadway Street in South Boston, with easy access to public transportation and walking distance to the Seaport and Downtown Boston. A 7-Eleven / convenience store is located steps away from the building and ample amounts of restaurants and neighborhood shopping are located around the corner. - Once a predominantly Irish Catholic community, in recent years South Boston has become increasingly desirable among young professionals and families who are attracted to the neighborhood's strong sense of community and quick access to downtown and public transportation. People from all over the city enjoy taking a stroll around Castle Island, a Revolutionary War-era fort and 22-acre park that is connected to the mainland. "Southie Pride" is on full display in March when city residents flock to the neighborhood to enjoy the annual South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade. Today the breathtaking South Boston Waterfront is emerging 
- Our brownstone is located right at the intersection of East and West Broadway in South Boston, with easy access to public transportation and walking distance to the Seaport and Downtown Boston.  A 7-Eleven / convenience store is located steps away from the building and ample amounts of restaurants and neighborhood shopping are located around the corner. - Once a predominantly Irish Catholic community, in recent years South Boston has become increasingly desirable among young professionals and families who are attracted to the neighborhood's strong sense of community and quick access to downtown and public transportation. People from all over the city enjoy taking a stroll around Castle Island, a Revolutionary War-era fort and 22-acre park that is connected to the mainland. "Southie Pride" is on full display in March when city residents flock to the neighborhood to enjoy the annual South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade. Today the breathtaking South Boston Waterfront is emerging as Bos
- Our brownstone is located right at the intersection of East and West Broadway in South Boston, with easy access to public transportation and walking distance to the Seaport and Downtown Boston. A 7-Eleven / convenience store is located steps away from the building and ample amounts of restaurants and neighborhood shopping are located around the corner. - Once a predominantly Irish Catholic community, in recent years South Boston has become increasingly desirable among young professionals and families who are attracted to the neighborhood's strong sense of community and quick access to downtown and public transportation. People from all over the city enjoy taking a stroll around Castle Island, a Revolutionary War-era fort and 22-acre park that is connected to the mainland. "Southie Pride" is on full display in March when city residents flock to the neighborhood to enjoy the annual South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade. Today the breathtaking South Boston Waterfront is emerging as Bost
10 minute walk to convention center!
Adjacent to Dorchester Heights National Park -- spectacular cityline views.
An old Irish neighborhood that has now become the hip place to live for young adults and families. Great places to eat and easy walking distance to the harbor.
An old Irish neighborhood that has now become the hip place to live for young adults and families. Great places to eat and easy walking distance to the harbor. 5 minute walk to multiple restaurants bars and shops in Southie. 15 minute walk to castle island along the boardwalk which provides a scenic route for biking, running etc. The city hub way bikes are available a couple of blocks away.
Apartment is just one block off the water in one of the up and coming neighborhoods of Boston "South Boston" or "Southie." There are many nice restaurants (Lincoln & Loco) within walking distance as well as some old-fashion style Southie pubs around the corner.
Awesome Southie location in the heart of the area, very close to beaches and busy street of Broadway with bars,  shops and restaurants! Desirable east side location.
Awesome location near great restaurants along West Broadway or down in Seaport.
Beach, Seaport oceanview bars and restaurants
Clean and safe, and super convenient
Close to many bars, good neighborhood restaurants, seaport district, downtown Boston. One block from the beach.
Close to the convention center, public transportation and all of Boston's attractions.
Cute neighborhood with character.  Local cheese, deli, butcher shop and flavor within 2 blocks of the home and makes your stay easy to grab a bite/feel like you're living here!
Easy walk to beach and to red line T.
Everything is at your fingertips! Seriously... Apt. Is above an AWESOME Italian restaurant Liquor store and sushi restaurant also underneath Stop and shop and 7/11 across street Popular coffee place on corner Paramount across street (very popular for breakfast but have all meals)! Apt. is in between two of Southie's most popular bars American Provisions is one block over- farm to table kind of place, sandwiches, meat and cheeses (best cold brew) Nail salons and boutiques across street
Fun, vibrant neighborhood with lots of Boston character.  Centrally located to so many historical and cultural areas, including great shopping, museums, dining and night life.
Great Boston location on a quiet street, minutes to all the shops, restaurants and bars. Just one mile from Castle Island and the beach! Beautiful all year round for walks by the ocean. Within a 5 minute walk to plenty of bars and eateries: -Lincoln Tavern & Restaurant -Moko Japanese Cuisine -Cafe Porto Bello Close to the Boston Convention and Exposition Center (BCEC) and Boston's Seaport neighborhood. The Seaport features many great seafood joints and lively bars and restaurants from casual to five star. A few favorites: -The famous Legal Harborside -Jerry Remy's -Yankee Lobster -Harpoon Brewery Cross the bridge from the Seaport and you'll find the North End, or Boston's "Little Italy" (but don't call it that!). Great Italian restaurants abound. Get delicious pastry (without the line!) at Bova's, and delicious ground and whole bean coffees at Polcaris.
Great neighborhood going through some serious changes in regards to development and gentrification so lots of new people moving in and new restaurants and other amenities popping up all the time!!!! South Boston is the hottest neighborhood in Boston!!
Great restaurants and night spots. Easy access to whole city.
Great waterfront neighborhood of South Boston.  Very close to castle island and the beach but very easy to get into the heart of the city!
Home to a thriving community of successful young professionals, this apartment is perfectly nestled in one of the oldest neighborhoods in South Boston.
I live in a very historic & cool neighborhood. I live on a large hill just below the historic Dorchester Heights / Thomas Park monument, which is the highest point in South Boston. At the end of my street is a huge staircase that goes up to the monument. A lot of people walk their dogs up there or just go up to hang out & take in the amazing views. South Boston is considered to be one of the most Authentic Boston neighborhoods with a great mix of Irish pride and one of the most popular areas where young professionals call home. It's also infamous for being the setting of Good Will Hunting, Gone Baby Gone, The Departed and currently being filmed: Black Mass (The Whitey Bulger movie). Southie is an urban area with a strong neighborhood community and a long political history. 
I love that our neighborhood is in the city, yet it has a quiet, more suburban feel to it. We have a backyard, and our street is mostly quiet. We're in the historically Irish neighborhood, so if you look at many of the front doors, you will see brilliant works of art! In addition, we are super close to the beach and the long loop that goes around Castle Island/Carson Beach. It's great anytime! Otherwise, we have the budding Seaport District within walking distance (20-25 minutes) and Downtown at arm's reach.
I love the beach near my house and Dunkin Donuts
It is my belief that my guests will throughly enjoy the vibrance and energy of the community along with the vast variety of new coffee houses and fantastic restaurants.
It's right in the middle of the new innovation center, seaport and Southie pubs and shops. Less than a 10 minute walk to all.
It's walking distance (10 mins) from 2 red-line subways that will take you to downtown Boston and Cambridge, and you're also walking distance to Carson Beach (10 mins) where there is beach volleyball in the summer. There are a couple of great restaurants nearby, and closer to the center of South Boston, there are a number of well regarded fine dining restaurants and bars. Approx $10 Uber ride to the Boston Convention Center (BCEC). Proximity to destinations of interest: 1. The Boston airport is 4.3 miles away and that's a 12 minute drive in normal traffic.  2. The BCEC (Boston Convention & Exhibition Center) is 1.4 miles away or a 30 minute walk or 5 minute drive.  3. The closest subway ("T") stop is at Andrew Square 0.5 miles away or 12 minute walk 4. Carson Beach and the Joe Moakley sports park is 0.7 miles away or 16 minute walk. 5. Boston Common - the central park of Boston is 2.6 miles away or 15 minute drive in normal traffic. 6. Harvard and MIT are easily within reach via the su
It's walking distance (10 mins) from 2 red-line subways that will take you to downtown Boston and Cambridge, and you're also walking distance to Carson Beach (10 mins) where there is beach volleyball in the summer. There are a couple of great restaurants nearby, including one next door (called Telegraph Hill - show them your email reservation for 10% off of food only), and closer to the center of South Boston, there are a number of well regarded fine dining restaurants and bars. Approx $10 Uber ride to the Boston Convention Center (BCEC). Proximity to destinations of interest: 1. The Boston airport is 5.0 miles away and that's a 10 minute drive in normal traffic.  2. The BCEC (Boston Convention & Exhibition Center) is 1.4 miles away or a 32 minute walk or 5 minute drive.  3. The closest subway ("T") stop is at Andrew Square 0.3 miles away or 8 minute walk 4. Carson Beach and the Joe Moakley sports park is 0.7 miles away or 15 minute walk. 5. Boston Common - the central park of Boston i
It's walking distance (10 mins) from 2 red-line subways that will take you to downtown Boston and Cambridge, and you're also walking distance to Carson Beach (10 mins) where there is beach volleyball in the summer. There are a couple of great restaurants nearby, including one next door down the street from Telegraph Hill (called Telegraph Hill), and closer to the center of South Boston, there are a number of well regarded fine dining restaurants and bars – just 5-8 blocks away. Approx $10 Uber ride to the Boston Convention Center (BCEC), or approx 30 minute walk. Proximity to destinations of interest: 1. The Boston airport is 4.3 miles away and that's a 12 minute drive in normal traffic.  2. The BCEC (Boston Convention & Exhibition Center) is 1.4 miles away or a 30 minute walk or 5 minute drive.  3. The closest subway ("T") stop is at Andrew Square 0.5 miles away or 12 minute walk 4. Carson Beach and the Joe Moakley sports park is 0.7 miles away or 16 minute walk. 5. Boston Common - th
It's walking distance (10 mins) from 2 red-line subways that will take you to downtown Boston and Cambridge, and you're also walking distance to Carson Beach (10 mins) where there is beach volleyball in the summer. There are a couple of great restaurants nearby, including one next door down the street from Telegraph Hill (called Telegraph Hill), and closer to the center of South Boston, there are a number of well regarded fine dining restaurants and bars – just 5-8 blocks away. Approx $10 Uber ride to the Boston Convention Center (BCEC), or approx 30 minute walk. Proximity to destinations of interest: 1. The Boston airport is 5.0 miles away and that's a 10 minute drive in normal traffic.  2. The BCEC (Boston Convention & Exhibition Center) is 1.4 miles away or a 32 minute walk or 5 minute drive.  3. The closest subway ("T") stop is at Andrew Square 0.3 miles away or 8 minute walk 4. Carson Beach and the Joe Moakley sports park is 0.7 miles away or 15 minute walk. 5. Boston Common - the
It’s a 5-minute walk to a local grocery store, Foodie’s, a CVS, and several great restaurants and bars including Loco, Fromage, and Lincoln Tavern & Restaurant. -a 10-minute walk to the Broadway subway station (the “T”) -a 15-minute walk to Carson Beach, a nice urban stretch of sea and sand -a 20-minute walk to the Seaport World Trade Center and the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center -a 30-minute walk to the South Station subway stop and downtown Boston
Local bars/restaurants, beaches, shops. Close proximity to seaport district.
Location is extremely central in South Boston - located one block away from all the best bars/restaurants.
Lots of great bars, nightlife, grocery store a block away and tons of restaurants. Short walk to South End, Chinatown and Seaport. When you book your stay I will provide you with recommendations for my favorite local spots.
Lots of wonderful restaurants and bars in the hood. Also, upscale grocery store less then 5 minute walk. 5 minute cab to downtown or Seaport or Backbay.
Once a predominantly Irish Catholic community, in recent years South Boston has become increasingly desirable among young professionals and families who are attracted to the neighborhood's strong sense of community and quick access to downtown and public transportation. People from all over the city enjoy taking a stroll around Castle Island, a Revolutionary War-era fort and 22-acre park that is connected to the mainland. "Southie Pride" is on full display in March when city residents flock to the neighborhood to enjoy the annual South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade. Today the breathtaking South Boston Waterfront is emerging as Boston's newest neighborhood. Already home to the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, planned development for the Waterfront includes residential, office, retail, and hotel use.
Our apartment is in an ideal South Boston location. We are two blocks from the beach, which is lined with a sidewalk - perfect for walking or running to Castle Island. Several great restaurants and bars nearby. Grocery store, liquor store, convenience stores all within short walking distance. Quick 5 minute cab ride to the Seaport district, Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, Seaport World Trade Center, Harpoon Brewery, Legal Harborside and Fort Point neighborhood. TD Garden and North End is a 10-15 minute cab ride. 
Please respect the neighbors so do not noisy after 10pm.
Plenty of restaurants within 10 minutes on West Broadway. Also easy access to the Seaport, South End, Back Bay, and highway access to major interstates I-93 and I-90.
Quiet neighborhood feel within close proximity to all Boston has to offer. Easy walk to the beach, restaurants, grocery stores and shops. Very walkable to The Boston Convention and Exhibition Center and South Boston Seaport district.
Safe neighborhood ,awesome Location,,, 3.5 miles from TD GARDEN home of the Boston Bruins and Celtics , 35 miles from Gillette Stadium home of the Super Bowl Champs PATRIOTS  ,,close to everything in Boston
South Boston (Southie) is one of the hottest neighborhoods in Boston as of late given its proximity to the Seaport area with restaurants, bars and a bustling nightlife. The condo is on the west side of Southie - less than a mile to downtown Boston, Boston Convention Center, and the Seaport area. The condo is also close to South Bay Shopping Center where many shops/super stores are located at including Target, Stop&Shop, TJ Maxx, Best Buy, BedBath&Beyond,...etc.  Andrew Station (T/Red Line) is within minutes walk from my condo, providing convenient public transit to South Station and anywhere in the greater Boston area.
South Boston (Southie) is one of the hottest neighborhoods in Boston as of late given its proximity to the Seaport area with restaurants, bars and a bustling nightlife. The condo is on the west side of Southie - less than a mile to downtown Boston, Boston Convention Center, and the Seaport area. The condo is also close to South Bay Shopping Center where many shops/super stores are located at including Target, Stop&Shop, TJ Maxx, Best Buy, BedBath&Beyond,...etc.  Andrew Station (T/Red Line) is within minutes walk, providing convenient public transit to South Station and anywhere in the greater Boston area.
South Boston (nicknamed "Southie") is a great mix of old an new. It's a true neighborhood feel, but it is very close to downtown, as well as the waterfront, making it very easy to see the sites and explore our great city. There are a lot of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops close by, as well as the beach! 
South Boston (or Southie as the locals call it) is a great city spot with a neighborhood feel. Access to plenty of restaurants, bars and shops just a stones throw away from the apartment and a short walk to the area beach, Institute of Contemporary Art museum and the Seaport waterfront area.
South Boston Irish Pubs are legendary.  The neighborhood has undergone a renaissance and is filled with new restaurants and boutique shops.  House is just 5 minute walk to beach, jogging trails, and Castle Island - a beautiful revolutionary war fort and park on the ocean front. One mile from convention centers and Seaport district.
South Boston also known as Southie is one of the best locations in Boston. It offers a quiet neighborhood feel yet it is only 2 miles from Downtown, less than 2 miles from the Boston Convention Center and Seaport Area. Plenty to do in the neighborhood with beaches, shops, and great restaurants/bars.
South Boston is a great place to base yourself because of the proximity to the heart of the City while maintaining its own identity and  neighborhood feel.
South Boston is a safe, convenient, and vibrant neighborhood! Many bars, restaurants, and shops are all within a couple block walk.  There is a small convenience store at the end of the block, a CVS within 5 blocks, coffee shops, a juice bar, and public transit all accessible without a car.  There is a bus stop right across the street (#11) that takes you to Downtown Boston near the movie theater, theater district, and Boston common, Chinatown.  Other bus lines are within a couple blocks, and Broadway stop of the Red Line (MBTA) is a 12 minute walk away.  Many bars and restaurants in the area also offer the FREE Southie Shuttle which you can arrange in advance to pick you up and take you to most of the hot spots in the neighborhood.  As we do not have an off street parking space, those traveling with a vehicle will need to find street parking.  From Friday morning to Monday morning, any car is able to part anywhere in South Boston. During the week it is resident parking only on many of
South Boston is a thriving neighborhood with a history steeped in Irish culture. Countless restaurants and bars have sprung up around the area in the last few years offering a wide selection of entertainment options.
South Boston is accessible with bus, taxi or even bikes .  Just 2 miles east of the city, South Boston offers a more relaxed lifestyle while still super convenient to access downtown.  For Boston Marathon, you can avoid the crowd by taking bus #7 to Boston Common (15 min), bus #9 from Copley Square back to the house (20 min). If you enjoy water and beach, simply walk to William J Day Boulevard for a run or an relaxing walk. 10 min drive from the Logan airport and Boston South Station, 5 min drive from Boston Cruise Port and Boston Convention and Exhibition Center. South Boston does not have none resident parking for overnight guests. During the day parking is limited to 2hr.
South Boston is accessible with bus, uber or even bikes. Just 2 miles east of the city, South Boston offers a more relaxed lifestyle with convenient access to downtown. If you enjoy water and beach, we are a block from William J Day Boulevard where you can go for a run or a relaxing walk. 10 min drive from the Logan airport and Boston South Station, 5 min drive from Boston Cruise Port and Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.
South Boston is acclaimed for it's historic charm and location. Sitting on the shores of the Boston Harbor, Southie has beaches within walking distance, a lively nightlife scene, and great shops on the main streets. Downtown Boston is within 5 minute subway trip (+10 min walk to subway) or a 30-40min walk (the walk is gorgeous - I work downtown and walk to work every day). Southie's history is timeless. Visit the Dorchester Heights, where George Washington drove the out the last of the British in one of the final battles of the Revolutionary War on "Evacuation Day". Visit Castle Island and Fort Independence where Edgar Allen Poe served in the Civil War! Catch up on the neighborhood by watching one of the many films about it including Good Will Hunting, Mystic River, Gone Baby Gone, The Departed, and Black Mass.
South Boston is an awesome place to enjoy. You have many restaurants, bars, shops, parks and beaches to enjoy all within walking distance. A little bit further walking distance or a short bike ride and you can be in downtown Financial district or in the Fort Point/Seaport districts.  Bar/Resataurants (Walking distance): Capo (Italian) Lincoln (American fare) The Junction (Good pub with menu) Cafe Porta Bello (Italian) Boston Beer Garden (Bar) Rosa Lyons (Irish American Fare)
South Boston is one of Boston's fastest growing neighborhoods. There is easy transportation, shops, restaurants, and even a beach all within walking distance.
South Boston is one of the hottest neighborhoods in Boston as of late given its proximity to the Seaport area with restaurants, bars and a bustling nightlife.  We are also conveniently located to the convention center (BCEC) and downtown (Financial District, Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market) along with subway access on the redline (Broadway T stop is 0.6 miles away) and frequent bus routes to Downtown Crossing (#11 bus). My home is located on a one-way street off a main street in South Boston.  It is mostly a quiet neighborhood and the majority of locals are twentysomethings/early thirtysomethings as well as local South Boston residents.  There is more activity on the weekends but this is mainly a residential area with the bars/nightlife about 0.5 miles - 1 mile away.  Places range from 5-star (Del Frisco's, Morton's Steakhouse) to sports bars (Remy's) and lounges (Lucky's). You can grocery shop at Foodie's market with many organic options and fresh meats to select from (0.4 miles away) as w
South Boston is one of the oldest and most historic neighborhoods in the country and is going through a revitalization. Amazing access to all that Boston has to offer!
South Boston, popularly known as 'Southie', is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the United States. It is the home to the St Patrick's Day parade and has traditionally been an Irish working-class neighborhood. Today, Southie is filled with young professionals and families who are attracted to the neighborhood's strong sense of community, and quick access to downtown and public transportation.
Southie has so much to offer!!  Between the vibrant Seaport district, classic bars and restaurants off of Broadway street, or the historic Carson and M Street beaches complete with running and biking trails, there is something for everyone.  In addition to fabulous bars and restaurants in our neighborhood, you are just moments away from everything else that Boston has to offer.  Andrew square does not offer many restaurants, however there is a Dunkin' Donuts, D'Angelo Sandwiches and Supreme Pizza close by as well as Telegraph Hill tavern and craft beer within a few blocks.  We recommend going to Broadway and Dorchester St. (0.75 mi; Loco, Stats, Lincoln), Broadway T area (1.0 mi; Stephi's in Southie, Moonshine 152), the South End (1.5 mi) or Seaport (1.75 mi) for a wider selection of restaurants and bars! We would recommend the T, cab or Uber to the South End or Seaport, while Broadway T station is a quick T ride or Broadway and Dorchester St. is a short walk.
Southie is the new "yuppie" hood of Boston. Vibrant, multicultural with a strong Irish "cachet", festive but humble at the same time. A favorite among young professionals and families as well as students and retired people. They are plenty of bars and restaurants, stores and little boutiques, ideally located between Downtown, the Financial District and the beach. Multiple runner circuits available in the area. Please note that South Boston is right next to downtown and financial district, and even if our home has noise cancelling windows, you can still hear in the background some typical "city" noise. Again, please also note we live in Boston, not Lalaland. There are homeless people in our neighborhood (and everywhere in and around Boston, the USA and the WORLD!!!), specially around Andrew MBTA Station. They are harmless and I have never been bothered by one (they may ask for spare change but that will be it). The neighborhood is safe, even at night, as long as you don't walk around wi
The BEACH is a 10 minute walk due East (w/ public tennis and basketball 1 min away, and a regional park 5 mins away). Castle Island Revolutionary War Fort on one end of the beach and the Kenney Presidential Library on the other end of sandy beaches.  BARS, RESTAURANTS, and GROCERIES are a 1-2 minute walk in all directions.  BIG BOX RETAIL is a 10 minute walk (2 minute drive) due West in South Bay Shopping Center - Starbucks, Target, Best Buy, Marshall's, TJ Max, Bed Bath and Beyond, Home Depot, Office Max, Stop and Shop, etc... Southeast Asian RESTAURANTS are a 10 minute drive due South on Dorchester Avenue.
The apartment is located in the up-and-coming South Boston neighborhood. We are a 10 minute walk to the red line (Broadway), and a 1 mile walk straight down D Street to The Lawn on D, Seaport World Trade Center, MCCA (Massachusetts Convention Center Authority), and the BCEC (Boston Convention and Exhibition Center).  Southie beaches are a half-mile walk away, and stretch out over several miles (a great place to run!), and you'll love checking out all the new restaurants nearby on West Broadway.
The location could not be more perfect with all of South Boston at your doorstep and the wildly popular Seaport District just a short walk away. South Boston, or “Southie” as we call it, is best known for its authentic Boston feel, its proximity to Downtown and it’s bar and pub scene, while the Seaport District has quickly become the destination for conferences, restaurants and night-life/entertainment. With the Red Line Subway station right outside the front door you can also access the Downtown/Financial District, Beacon Hill and Cambridge/MIT/Harvard very easily.
The location could not be more perfect with all of South Boston at your doorstep and the wildly popular Seaport District just a short walk away. South Boston, or “Southie” as we call it, is best known for its authentic Boston feel, its proximity to Downtown and it’s bar and pub scene, while the Seaport District has quickly become the destination for conferences, restaurants and night-life/entertainment. With the bus stops right outside the front door and the Red Line subway only a short walk, bus or cab ride away you can also access the Downtown/Financial District, Beacon Hill and Cambridge/MIT/Harvard very easily.
The neighborhood has everything a guest could want. The subway is close, walkable to a nearby park and beach, there is a little pizza place and corner store all within walking distance.
The neighborhood is residential, on a small quiet street off the main road. Within walking distance to many bars, restaurants, and a train station. 5 minute walk to a crossfit gym and Gold's Gym if you are looking to get your sweat on, free trials are available at both.
The west side of the South Boston neighborhood is a vibrant and burgeoning area of Boston and glad to call this neighborhood home. We have lived in the area for quite some time and love many aspects of it including close proximity to the MBTA, the city’s public transit system. There are quite a few places that we enjoy going to whether it’s enjoying dinner at one of the many restaurants in the area or enjoying some laughs and conversation at the local bars/pubs. Need your caffeine fix? No problem there is a mom n pop coffee shop or if Starbucks is your thing it is located right next to the Broadway T stop and the Dunkin Donuts is across the street. There is a small business owned urban grocery store called Foodies that is a five minute walk away. 
The wonderful neighborhood, known as Southie, is a tight knit neighborhood filled with young families and professionals. Within a few blocks are many fanstaic restaurants including; Lincoln Tavern and Restaurant, Loco Taqueria and Oyster Bar and Stats Bar and Gril. A few minute Uber ride will bring you to the Seaport with numerous restaurants consisting of Del Frisco's, Temazcal, Legal Sea Foods, Empire, and Morton's. The Harpoon Brewery, with their beer hall and tasting room, is located in the Seaport as well. The Broadway T stop (Red Line) is a 10-12 minute walk with newly opened Worden Hall and Coppersmith adding to the area.
This apt is located in South Boston on 1st floor, 5 min walk to Andrew Red line T stop were it will take you minutes from there to get were you need.  The neighborhood is quite, located near a three mile segment of parkland and beach ( Castle Island, Pleasure Bay, Carson Beach and Harbor point) along the South Boston shoreline of Dorchester Bay which features allows one to walk, bike, or run along the water's edge from Castle Island to the Kennedy Library. Also the 800-foot stretch of paved walkway witch is situated on the UMass Boston campus between the Kennedy Library and the Harbor Point offers some beautiful views.   There is 10 min walk or short ride by shuttle bus to South Bay shopping Center were you will find stores like: Stop and Shop ( grocery store) , Target, Marshall, T.J. Maxx, Old Navy, Best Buy and places to eat like: Panera Bread, Olive Garden and Applebee's. If you want to eat near house I would recommend Polish Cafe with European meal choices, Andrew Square house of P
This condo is located in the South Boston (“Southie") neighborhood of Boston on the second floor of a three family home (walk up) which is on a semi-busy street during the morning commuting hours. There are plenty of nearby restaurants, bars and coffee shops that we'd be happy to make recommendations on.  We are situated less then 1/4 of mile from a beautiful and scenic path along the beach perfect for running (6 mile uninterupted loop around castle island), biking or just unwinding and going for a walk
This home is located in South Boston one of Boston's hottest neighborhood. You will be surrounded by many great eateries, coffee houses, pubs and numerous other amenities. You will only be a short distance from the Freedom Trail, USS Constitution, the historic North End, the Boston Commons, the Public Gardens as well as the historic Leather District in Chinatown.
This home is located with in Boston city limits, yet uniquely positioned on a quiet street. The Boston Harbor is less than a mile away in any direction; including Beaches, Castle Island and the Seaport District.  The Boston Financial District, Shopping, Nightlife and a cross-section of Dining options are all minutes away by foot, car, train or bus.
This is a Real(ungentrified) Boston neighborhood. With real people inhabiting it.  Everyone from here in my courtyard was born and raised in Boston. Located in the oldest Housing Development in the City. Don't expect Contemporary anything. Brick and Mortar. Non violent neighborhood. Might be a couple people around having a beverage but when it comes down to it, they will look out for you more than themselves. Across the street from the beach and all it has to offer.. Right next to JFK Station Nice huge stadium/track/field/courts next door...
This property is located steps to the beach in the City Point section of South Boston. The neighborhood is full of life, local eateries, entertainment and all the necessities. At the end of the street is the Harborwalk, which is great for a run to start the day. And in the other direction, downtown Boston, the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center and the Seaport District. It's a great place to live, relax, explore and commute to and from. 
Tucked into a quiet residential street of Boston’s beloved and storied “Southie” neighborhood, our home is just minutes from downtown, boasts convenient access to public transport, and is within walking distance to shops, and a vibrant restaurant and bar scene. Whether you are in town taking care of business or looking for some time to unwind, our home’s location is sure to suit your needs.  Guests joining us for business travel can enjoy recharging from a busy day at work in a tranquil residential setting all within close proximity to the BCEC, downtown, and financial district.  There is no shortage of options for those visiting Boston for a refreshing retreat from daily life. Enjoy the coastal breezes and stunning scenery during a short stroll to the sandy beaches of City Point or a longer trek along the miles of the Boston HarborWalk. Grab a bite or a cocktail in the neighborhood at one of the many fantastic bars and eateries. For those looking to venture out a little further, the N
Very close to the Seaport, convention center, and waterfront
Very nice, quiet and safe neighborhood. Close to D str. square for fun and lots of activities.
Very vibrant, yet quiet immediate neighborhood. No restaurants and bars are within earshot, but are a short walking distance. Gourmet grocery store called Foodies is .21 miles away. Close proximity to BCEC(Convention center), downtown, public transportation, Logan airport, seaport, and major highways.
Very vibrant, yet quiet immediate neighborhood. No restaurants and bars are within earshot, but are a short walking distance. Gourmet grocery store called Foodies is .21 miles away. Walking distance to BCEC(Convention center), downtown, public transportation, Logan airport, seaport, and major highways.
Walk to the beach, easy to downtown, a short T ride to Cambridge. Very nice neighborhood.
We are a short distance from the shopping, bars and restaurant life of West Broadway, and only an 8 minute walk to the Andrew T Station (red line), where the rest of the city awaits! Right across the main street from the apartment is a little convenience store, perfect for late night grocery runs or basic essentials, and Stop and Shop is just a short car or taxi ride away. Please take advantage of Carson park and local beach, which are also a short walk away, perfect for picnics in the summer! (There are some beach towels in the closet for you to use!)
We are located 5 min walk to Andrew Red line T stop were it will take you minutes from there to get were you need.  The neighborhood is quite, located near a three mile segment of parkland and beach ( Castle Island, Pleasure Bay, Carson Beach and Harbor point) along the South Boston shoreline of Dorchester Bay which futures allows one to walk, bike, or run along the water's edge from Castle Island to the Kennedy Library. Also the 800-foot stretch of paved walkway witch is situated on the UMass Boston campus between the Kennedy Library and the Harbor Point offers some beautiful views.   There is 10 min walk or short ride by shuttle bus to South Bay shopping Center were you will find stores like: Stop and Shop ( grocery store) , Target, Marshall, TJMaxx, Old Navy, Best Buy and places to eat like: Panera Bread, Olive Garden and Applebee's. If you want to eat near house I would recommend Polish Cafe with European meal choices, Andrew Square house of Pizza with many much more meals to choos
We are located in South Boston aka "Southie." Southie has a very residential feel and has several excellent bars and restaurants. We are two blocks away from Carson Beach and close to Castle Island.  We are about a 10-15 minute drive to downtown Boston. The Boston Convention and Event Center (BCEC) is less than 2 miles away. There is a Stop & Shop within walking distance on East Broadway and a convenience store on the corner of H Street and East Broadway.
We are lucky to live in one of the most up and coming neighborhoods of Boston "South Boston" or "Southie."  We live on the "West" side - so much closer to downtown (about a mile) and LESS THAN A MILE from the BCEC (Boston's Convention Center) and the Seaport area.  There is a Foodie's (Urban Grocery Store) and Full Grocery Store nearby.  Broadway Station (Red Line) is a half mile, providing public transport to anywhere in Boston and 1 stop away from South Station. There are many walkable nice restaurants (Stephie's, Lincoln & Loco) as well as some old-fashion style Southie pubs around the corner. There is also a Dunkin Donuts nearby.
We are right in the middle of the most booming part of Boston. There are the best restaurants around here on Broadway street and the Seaport District, all walking distance. In addition, you're also walking distance to the beach and a short 1-2 mil ride to anywhere else in the booming parts of Boston city like the Back Bay, Newbury shopping, South End, North End, Beacon Hill, Fanueil Hall, Castle Island.  Find out more of what's around us. Our cross streets are at Gold St and E. Street in Boston, 02127!
Whether you are in town for business or on vacation, the apartment is conveniently located to it all. It's just a short walk to easy transportation options - from the Broadway Station (Red line T stop) and multiple bus lines, to a cheap taxi or Uber ride to downtown Boston, South End, and the bustling Seaport District/South Boston Waterfront. The Convention Center (BCEC) and Logan Airport are also very close by. For a local experience, walk a half block up to West Broadway and take in the newest restaurants and shops that South Boston has to offer. Take a detour from the hustle and bustle and visit Castle Island Park with direct beach access, just an easy 8 minute drive from the apt.
Wonderful neighborhood right in heart of South Boston! Walking distance to beach and Castle Island!
You will be just minutes away from the city's many attractions and visiting spots, including Boston's new Convention Center and the hustle and bustle of the revitalized South Boston Waterfront with all of it's great restaurants, bars and musical offerings. With the revivification of the city and its surrounding areas South Boston has greatly benefited from all these changes, becoming one of the hottest places to live and play in the city. Home to the oldest St. Patrick's Day Parade in the world (beating Dublin by almost two centuries) South Boston is no stranger to Bars and Pubs, and as of late home to some of the most hip and trendy restaurants and eateries around, making this area a Foodies dream. Also, home to the famous Carson Beach and Castle Island which create a beautiful and relaxing walking, jogging or running trail for those that need to keep up with nature. Getting around Our location is very accessible to downtown and is only about a 45 minute walk to Copley Square, home to
You will be staying in the chic and trendy South Boston area of Boston. You will be surrounded by many great eateries and coffee shops.
You will be with-in walking distance to the Seaport District as well as the Boston Convention Center.
You will love the vibrance of the neighborhood as well as the cozy coffee house,  the plethora of fantastic eateries and pubs.
young professionals, close to city and water