Charming and quiet room in a second floor 1910 condo building. The room has a full size bed, darkening curtains, window A/C unit. It's quiet because it's in the back of the house. Shared bathroom. Guests can use kitchen, living room. Pet friendly.
Located along public transportation with plenty of on street parking.
Spacious private apartment in the heart of Boston!  Apartment is located in the artsy, full of culture neighborhood of Jamaica Plain.  Walking distance to restaurants, whatever your heart desires! (Indian, Chinese, Spanish, Vegetarian & lots more).
Enjoy our renovated apartment in Jamaica Plain, a charming neighborhood of Boston that is walking distance to the T, Jamaica Pond, the Arnold Arboretum, and many restaurants, bars and coffee shops.  This is city and village living at its best.
Comfortable and cozy, minutes walk from the underground Orange line T station, freely available parking on the street right outside the house, only 15min drive from downtown Boston. Next to many cute cafes, and the Arboretum. 1 bedroom, but also with living, office, dining, kitchen, and even back porch!
Newly renovated two bedroom, two bathroom on a quiet side street in trendy Jamaica Plain.  Sleeps six comfortably.  Historic old Boston feel with built in fireplace.  Full kitchen and dining room plus free cable and internet access.  
King-sized bed and private bath in hip JP just a 2-minute walk from the Orange Line T. Get to Back Bay in 10 mins or downtown in 20 mins. Free parking. Light breakfast provided. We're experienced Airbnb hosts and would love to have you.
A garden level 1 bedroom/ 2 bed, rebuilt in Vermont pine. Travel ready: linens, kitchen, shower needs, internet/cable/wifi, private, comfortable and very easy subway access. We live upstairs. All ethnicities, religions and nationalities welcome! GLBTQ friendly!
Sweet dreams and beautiful morning light in this top floor corner bedroom. LGBT friendly, convenient location, just steps away from the Stony Brook subway (T) stop, with a 12 minute ride into Boston or explore Jamaica Plain and all it has to offer!
An open layout loft housed in a converted police station and court house, this apartment overflows with character and unique features.  Located ideally between Centre Street (JP licks!) and the Green St. T stop, everything is within easy reach.
Located in Jamaica Plain's historic Woodburne District, offers the best of both worlds. Far enough to avoid bustling downtown Boston, but close enough to see some of the world's finest museums, stadiums and historical sites in minutes. Stay with us!
A private room with a king size bed in a beautiful, spacious apartment. Terrific location! 4 minute walk to the T, and street parking.
This newly renovated apartment in a gorgeous historic house is close to the Orange Line Train for easy urban access.  Located on a beautiful street in Boston's Jamaica Plain neighborhood, close to the Franklin Park Zoo, Arnold Arboretum, Jamaica Pond, and great shops and restaurants!  Great for couples, business travelers, families (with or without kids), and pets. Enjoy easy street parking with convenient access to the Longwood Medical area as well as the rest of the City of Boston.
Newly built loft in vibrant Jamaica Plain. Vaulted ceilings & sky lights add character, while the open layout allows you to relax comfortably. 5 minute walk to the orange line T gets you to Boston in  15-20min. Check out the local scene and make this your home away from home!
My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. We have an air mattress and a couch if you have a third person in your party. $20 additional fee for extra guests.
This is an apartment located across street from Boston MBTA orange lane, which help you arrives in downtown Boston within 10 minute.Walking to local eateries and entertainment all within reach. Etc, Dunkin Donuts, TGI Fridays and Domino's.
Note: We are not yet booking for the Marathon. Please check back closer to the end of the year for availability.  Top floor duplex in a brownstone on a tree lined street located minutes to the Longwood Medical Area. 3rd floor walk-up.
My place is close to Mission Hill, Prudential, Roxbury Crossing . My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and families (with kids). (URL HIDDEN) 1 bedroom: 1 full size Bed +  1  twin bed
Great cost-benefit room in Boston area! Room in a basement apartment in front to Riverway station (Green Line - E). Queen size bed, desk and dresser. Apt with 1 bathroom, kitchen and living room. It is worth noting that the room has no windows.
Really great 2 bedroom 2 bath loft with about 18 foot ceilings, right at the foot of Mission Hill in Jamaica Plain. Close to subway, bus, bars and restaurants. Street parking without permit and an extra twin bed if needed for 5th guest
Situated on the edge of Downtown Boston and 1.2 mile to Convention Center.   10 mins walk to Red Line: South Station/Downtown Crossing , 10 mins walk to Green Line: Boylston/Park Station, 5 mins walk to Orange Line:Tuft Medical Station/Chinatown
This apartment features a fully-equipped, chef-style kitchen with GE stainless steel appliances, bedrooms with walk-in closets & spacious living area. Guests can enjoy on-site amenities including a fitness center with Yoga studio and balcony lounge.
Brick and beam, charming condo in the historic North End, steps from the harbor. New carpeting throughout and loads of light and space.
Our apartment is a sick four bedroom, two story residence with roofdeck access in a classic North End building. It is in a great location and fully equipped with cable, internet, washer and dryer, and large shared common areas.
Charming cozy bedroom on the 2nd floor; it comfortably will accommodate 2 guests. The bus station is a 2 minute walk and the T station is a short 6 minute walk. Close to Children's, Beth Israel, Brigham, Dana Farber, BMC and Northeastern.  
Modern master suite w/private bathroom 220+sqft (20.4sqm), international & professional household. Located in historic Fort Hill, 5min walk to the T (Metro) Orange Line, 3rd stop from Back Bay, walk to Longwood, MFA, Northeastern & Fenway.
Comfortable and quiet room in a 3BR apartment, located in an old Piano Factory. Current residents are kind, clean, and respectful. Apartment is spacious, cozy, with access to courtyard and building amenities. Building location: unbeatable.
Stylish new building with lounges, entertaining spaces, pool, fitness and the best amenity ever, a Whole Foods Market on the property!  Fully furnished and provisioned.  Live work play here!  Huge outdoor terrace.  2 bed 2 bath with pullout sofa. Until August 10, There is construction going on M-F from 7 AM - 3PM next to the building.
Located  on the 3rd floor of a brick row-house. Walking distance to many of Boston's best restaurants and attractions. Fully equipped kitchen. Cable TV and WIFI provided. Washer/dryer in the apartment. Window A/C for the summer months.
Our home is in the heart of the South End, surrounded by restaurants, art galleries and shopping. A short walk to Copley Square and public trans. This spacious room has dramatic views of the Boston skyline of nearby Copley Square. You will enjoy a hand-crafted, wooden king bed and two comfortable chairs. A kitchenette includes what you will need for your stay when you aren't enjoying various neighborhood restaurants. A bathroom is ensuite. Monthly winter rates available (Dec. 1 - April 12).
Cosy two bedrooms apartment surrounded by nice restaurants, cafes and pastry shops in the South End. Located a few minutes away from T stop, bus stops and a short walk to the Prudential and Copley Square. Fully equipped kitchen and quiet bedrooms.
This South End condo is close to everything in Boston.  The T is a 4 min walk. Back Bay, Boston Medical, Fenway and so much more.
Fully equipped studio with kitchenette and private bath located on the border of the Back Bay and the South End. Perfect for groups of up to 2 people looking for a low cost accommodation in the heart of Boston, with easy access to public transit.
We are located in the South End two streets away from Back Bay Station and two streets away from some of the best bars and restaurants in the city. Washer/dryer in unit, large outdoor patio. Cable tv, wifi, heating, PS3 and WiiU.
Beautiful, modern, clean South End duplex steps from everything! Two full bedrooms, large living room, dining room, full kitchen. One full spa bathroom, 1 half bath upstairs. Giant private outdoor patio off the master bedroom. Great for 1-4 people!
Elevator Bldg-Top Floor. 700+ sq ft. Executive 1 bedroom plus Condo Exquisitely furnished, fully air conditioned, custom designed top floor, elevator Bldg and in the heart of Back Bay/Copley Square. On the Corner of Dartmouth & Famous Newbury Streets
This is a beautiful property in Boston's Back Bay neighborhood in downtown. This unit has 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Washer and Dryer, Wifi and Sleeps up to 5.
This luxury apt community located at the crossroads of Boston’s historic Back Bay & South End neighborhoods features landscaped gardens, private courtyard w/elegant cast iron fountains, roof top terrace w/Boston skyline views & children's playground 
This beautiful bright and modern furnished 1BR is close to everything BackBay has to offer. 4th floor overlooking Commonwealth Ave. Amazing views of The Skyline and Prudential. 2min to Newbury St; 5 min to the Charles River, 8min walk to Copley T.  Feel at home in the heart of Boston!!!
Stunning, sophisticated 1600 sq. home with Chic Arclinea kitchen with Poggenpohl island opens to inviting dining/ living area with tall ceilings, over-sized windows and great city views. Luxurious master suite with walk-in closet and Carrara bath.  Enjoy great comfort in this perfectly situated concierge building
Beautiful studio apartment in Back Bay on Commonwealth Ave. Great access to great restaurants, bars, shopping, etc. Just steps from the T in a beautiful brownstone. The bed size is: Full
Live within walking distance to amazing shops and restaurants!
Center Boston, 2-min walk to 2 T stations & bus station (save your rental car fee!) Guests will enjoy a private bedroom (no door but with luxe screen, privacy is guaranteed) Full size bed with memory foam mattress Shared 1 of the 2 private bathrooms with host  Desk Closet TV screen 5-10 mins  Entertainment: Prudential Center; Museum of Fine Arts; Boston Symphony Orchestra; Boston Duck Tour; Newbury Street Others: Wholefoods, 7-Eleven
Beautiful furnished apartment with a stunning morning light. You will enjoy your stay in this spacious and welcoming flat.  It's at the very heart of Back Bay and on the corner with Newbury St. (great shops and restaurants!). You'r just steps from Boston Common, the Charles River Esplanade, Copley Square, Fenway Park and Green Line T stop. Wifi / TV / AC / 2 Bikes with locks available
This quiet, clean, simple room is perfect for your work trip, or long weekend visit to tour the city. Live in Boston's "Eastie" Neighborhood--some call it the new "Southie", others call it "up-and-coming", and I call it home sweet home.
5 Minutes walk to T station,  close to airport and beach. 1 bedroom in a 3 bedroom unit, share kitchen and bathroom with 3 other roomates.
My girlfriend and I  have a cool spare bedroom located in an eclectic neighborhood in East Boston. We are clean,easy going.We have hosted people from Couchsurf and have a lot experience with travelers. Near airport & Boston
An private room in 2 bedrooms apartment with own fridge. Located on the waterfront with spectacular Boston view.10 mins to downtown Aquarium, 10mins to Logan Airport. Parking is free, non smoking
A fully renovated and furnished one bedroom 716 SF condo at the Historic Boston/Charlestown Navy Yard, minutes walk from the Freedom Trail, the USS Constitution, 15 minutes walk to downtown Boston, Cambridge. Public transportation on site
Our 1BR condo is right in the heart of Charlestown (Bunkerhill Monument, Freedom Trail) and moments from The North End and Faneuil Hall. Proximity to public transit makes this cozy spot the perfect place to explore Boston. And there's a private deck!
The best location! literally 50 yards from the Charles River Park, Mass General Hospital, and only minutes to the Museum of Science, TD Banknorth Garden, The North End, The Galleria Mall and amazing views of the Charles River.
The Basics- 700 Square Ft 2 bed 1 bath with galley kitchen. 2 Young Pro guys live here and enjoy being right in the middle of city life in a upscale neighborhood.  The location is a comfortable walk to the Public Gardens and a 1 minute walk to MGH T
This condo has wonderful layout! This over-sized one bedroom condo features a newly renovated kitchen and bath, gleaming hardwood floors, 7 windows, large spacious bathroom, great closet space, fireplace and a very private feel.
Private room in a beautiful 2 floor apartment. Shared space includes kitchen, bathroom, Victorian ballroom, & roof deck. Experience Luxury living in the Historic part of Boston.
Beacon Hill is the best location to be in Boston. It is close and walkable to everything. The apartment is clean, sunny with all the amenities you need for your stay.
Charming 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT in historic Beacon Hill! Perfect for a family or group of friends looking to be in the center of Boston. Fully stocked kitchen with all appliances, and fresh linens and towels included. 97 WALKING SCORE!
Super clean & polished studio in the heart of the North End; centrally located (but quietly situated) space with easy access to all that Boston offers. Add'l perks include a fully stocked/bright kitchen, Sony Smart TV, and new renovations throughout!
This brand new unit has hardwood floors throughout, granite counter-tops and new stainless steel appliances. The unit has comfortable sofa seating for two as well as a dining table with seating for three people.
Boston's second oldest hotel.  This is a small private guest rooms with one twin bed, private bathroom, and continental breakfast each morning. 24 hour concierge and reception. Two blocks to Boston Common, in the heart of the Theatre district.
fun studio (yes this is a private studio) Full bathroom and kitchen and everything included  Fully furnished  Bed and sheets(professionally cleaned and maintained)  Located right in Boston's exciting theatre district Feet away from Boston Common and Copley Sq We do offer airport livery service ($40 flat fee)
Cute little studio in the heart of it all. Located on Tremont Street, across street from Boston Common, the Theater District, and Downtown.
Wonderful view overlooking the Boston Common Public Park - just in front of Boylston Station - situated in the downtown Theatre District close to Chinatown & South Station - easy walk through the park to reach shopping and historical tourist spots
Spacious one-bedroom in the heart of historic Beacon Hill. Steps from Boston Common and the State House. Walk to world class bars and restaurants, the waterfront, downtown, and the T.
This stylish Financial District apartment boasts a spacious living area, fully-equipped kitchen, and views of Boston's gorgeous architectural charms from expansive windows. Located nearby to the waterfront.
This cozy penthouse is located in the ideal location to experience all that Boston has to offer. The property is adorned with a skylight and a newly renovated kitchen with all stainless steel appliances. It is only a 2 minute walk from Boston Common, steps away from the Freedom Trail and surrounded by a wide array of shops and restaurants, including Macy’s. It is next door to the Downtown Crossing T station (red and orange lines) allowing for easy transit all throughout the greater Boston area.
Enjoy Bean town in this commuter friendly, private, affordable, cozy one bedroom apartment, located in the heart of the city right next to the Symphony station, North Eastern University, Newbury street shops and Prudential Area. The apartment can sleep two people comfortably and has a contemporary fully furnished kitchen with utensils. The modern bathroom has a state of the art shower system with contemporary fixtures.The place is great for couples, solo adventurers as well as business travelers
With its central location to Harvard Medical School, Longwood Medical, and some of Boston’s most dynamic attractions, our spacious apartment offers not only luxury but convenience.
This beautiful one bedroom is fully furnished and available from July 1st-September 1st. Apartment amenities include all utilities, air conditioning, elevator, intercom service, security system and laundry in basement!
This beautifully furnished apartment is complete with a fully equipped kitchen, living area, and spacious bedrooms. Guests can enjoy the lounge area with a fireplace & plasma tv, an enormous, sunlight-filled private courtyard and a resident library.
With its central location to Harvard Medical School, Longwood Medical, and some of Boston’s most dynamic attractions, our spacious apartment offers not only luxury but convenience. 
This apartment is complete with a fully equipped kitchen, living area, and a spacious bedroom. The community offers spectacular on-site amenities like a lounge area with a fireplace & plasma TV, private courtyard, and library.
This apartment is complete with a fully equipped kitchen, living area, and a spacious bedroom. The community offers spectacular on-site amenities like a lounge area with a fireplace & plasma TV, private courtyard, and library.
Perfect location in Kenmore Square, Walk to Boston Common, Fenway Park, and famous Newbury St. shopping in 5 minutes or less. Next to the Kenmore stop on the T so metro wide access is quick and easy. Beautiful building built in the 19th Century.
With its central location to Harvard Medical School, Longwood Medical, and some of Boston’s most dynamic attractions, our spacious apartments offer not only luxury but convenience. 
There are two rooms available but advertised separately. The bus to Boston and Kenmore square are right outside the door. The Boston bus run's Monday to Friday morning and evening only. The bus to Kenmore runs daily every 10 mins. The bus to Kendall square is a 5 min walk.  If there are guests in the room on the third floor the bathroom for this room would be shared with the host.
Unit is found on top floor of professionally managed building, elevator, hwd floors, granite/stainless kitchen, Common roof deck. Walk to B, C, D line. great location for BC, easy commute to Boston, near shops, shopping, restaurants and more..
Room is on first floor of old brick building. 2 blocks from WholeFoods. 4 min walk from B-line, 9 from C, 15 min from D. One bathroom to share. 2 cats. I work restaurant hours, so no routine.
Warm and charming Irish-themed bedroom in single-family home, central location on the 57 bus route to Kenmore Square & 501/503 express buses direct to Downtown Boston in 20-30 minutes.  Custom pricing:  $350 weekly , $1100 monthly.
One bedroom (Double sized bed) of this spacious two bedroom apartment in Cleveland Circle is available for one to two guests.  Easy access to three train lines (B, C, and D).
Ideal location for visitors with, or without a vehicle. Steps away from public transportation, commuter rail to Logan Airport, and Downtown Boston. Large private room, with TV, internet, use of entire condo, and back porch. New, comfortable leather, queen sleep sofa. Walk to YMCA, restaurants, shops, and parks. You’ll love our place because of the location, coziness, and the people. Ideal for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. We're both native Bostonians, who enjoy sharing.
In this beautiful colonial style family house, we offer two sunny and quiet private rooms with a King or Queen bed. There is a large GREEN GARDEN where grows various organic vegetables. My guest, Laura, wrote “Susan was an amazing host. She went above and beyond in welcoming us and making sure we were comfortable. The rooms were beautiful and quiet. There were even fresh strawberries from the garden with breakfast. If i ever need to stay in Boston again, i can't imagine staying anywhere else!”
I am on vacation during the available dates on the calendar
Letter F you will see on the door, second floor
One of Boston's Iconic 3-Deckers; fully renovated 2 years ago. Welcome to my warm and spacious home in the Four Corners area of Boston! We offer peaceful and clean accommodations with off street parking, 10min walk to a train and directly next to public basketball and tennis courts.
Very chill laid back guys here renting out our living room area to people who need a place to crash! Shower is included too, also you are welcome to cook yourself some food in the kitchen! Just make sure you clean your dishes after.  420 friendly!!
Large private bedroom available in apartment, 200 sq ft. Very bright and spacious  room with a good size closet, large windows with lots of natural light. Great location, minutes walking from the T with a 10 minute ride to downtown and 20 minutes to the airport. Easy access to Boston Medical Center (BMC), MIT, UMass, beach, shopping center, and downtown.
My place is close to Legal Harborside. You’ll love my place because of the location and the views. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. This is the master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom. The other bedroom and bathroom are the only areas that are off limits.
Luxury high-rise apt. with unparalleled amenity package. Features first floor restaurants and shops, residents’ lounge, private dining and event space,  and State of the Art Fitness Center. Close proximity to South Station and easy access to harbor.
My comfortable home is located in the historic Irish neighborhood of South Boston. It is situated on a quiet street, 2 blocks off West Broadway where you can find several bars, restaurants, shops and of course, easy access to all areas of Boston
Private 1 bedroom/bathroom with TV and Internet within walking distance to Seaport, South End, Back Bay, Downtown and Beacon Hill!  Also close to Broadway and Andrews Square T Stations.
This space was completely renovated in July 2015 and special attention was paid to the layout and the amenities. Unlike a true hostel each one of our Quarters is private. As in a traditional hostel, there are six unisex single occupancy bathrooms, (t
It is sunny and clean, one bedroon in a two bedroom apartment. Steps to t-stop (Warren st, Green line)
You’ll love my place because of private bathroom, private deck shared with a nice neighbor and newly renovated kitchen. Plenty of street parking on Cambridge St. You won't find another comfortable room as this in Brighton : ) the neighborhood has plenty of restaurants, bars and tea places. Close to 57 bus and B line. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers.
Charming private studio apartment in Brookline, Ground Level unit, has its own Bathroom, Internet, and kitchenette (refrigerator, microwave). This studio couldn't be in a better location, great location for restaurants, local shops, and public transport galore (trolley and bus). - Parking accommodation is possible. - Sheets/Towels/Shampoo are included - HDTV with Cable (HBO, etc) - Extended stay's, will have fresh linens changed every 7 days.
The apartment is located in the heart of Allston, a vibrant neighborhood buzzing with young professionals and students. Allston is known for its eclectic choice of restaurants and night life. Right next to Clear Flour Bakery, Pavement Coffeehouse, Boston University, Northeastern University, Star Market, Hong Kong Market. You’ll love my place because of the comfy, Queen size bed, the newly renovated kitchen, high ceilings, proximity to Packard's Corner T stop, and colleges! AC unit installed!
Fantastic Location 1 mile to green line, 1.3 miles to Harvard Sq.  1 Parking Spot Included (Off-Street) Room will have futon, television (with cable), nightstand, and internet. Clean, Shared, Bathroom Up to 2 guests. MARATHON WEEKEND!!
This 1 bedroom apartment is 5 steps from the T stop, 10 steps from Starbucks, 15 steps to CVS, 3 minutes walking distance from the best pubs and restaurants. It is Clean and sunny, the bed is very comfortable. Air conditioner  and hot water included.
We live in a multi-story home.  The 3rd floor has a private room with a queen size bed.  The living space and restroom are shared.  We also have a small, very friendly dog (8 lb chihuahua).
Furnished bedroom in a two bedroom modern loft-style apt. High ceiling, bamboo floor, stainless steel appliance, granite countertop.  Best location in Allston! Close to major bus stops, walking distance to subway, restaurants, shops, bars and more!
My place is close to downtown, BU, Harvard, MIT, Logan Airport, and all different public transportations. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, and big groups.